aYc:aYcayitvA:ab of ca
aYj:aYjayitvA:ab of ca
an:aninizitvA:ab of des
f:aririzitvA:ab of des
fc:arcayitvA:ab of ca
fc:arcicizitvA:ab of des
fj:arjayitvA:ab of ca
fD:arDayitvA:ab of ca
f:arpayitvA:ab of ca
arh:arhayitvA:ab of ca
ad:AdayitvA:ab of ca
an:AnayitvA:ab of ca
Ap:ApayitvA:ab of ca
am:AmayitvA:ab of ca
av:AvayitvA:ab of ca
aS:ASayitvA:ab of ca
As:AsayitvA:ab of ca
as:AsayitvA:ab of ca
iNg:iNgayitvA:ab of ca
il:ilayitvA:ab of ca
iz:izayitvA:ab of ca
iz:izayitvA:ab of ca
INK:INKayitvA:ab of ca
Ap:IpsitvA:ab of des
Ir:IrayitvA:ab of ca
utkaRW:utkaRWayitvA:ab of ca
Urj:UrjayitvA:ab of ca
ej:ejayitvA:ab of ca
eD:eDayitvA:ab of ca
il:elayitvA:ab of ca
kamp:kampayitvA:ab of ca
kfS:karSayitvA:ab of ca
kfz:karzayitvA:ab of ca
kxp:kalpayitvA:ab of ca
kam:kAmayitvA:ab of ca
kf:kArayitvA:ab of ca
kal:kAlayitvA:ab of ca
kAS:kASayitvA:ab of ca
kaz:kAzayitvA:ab of ca
kas:kAsayitvA:ab of ca
kuc:kuYcayitvA:ab of ca
kuRq:kuRqayitvA:ab of ca
kfp:kfpayitvA:ab of ca
kram:kramayitvA:ab of ca
krI:krApayitvA:ab of ca
kram:krAmayitvA:ab of ca
krIq:krIqayitvA:ab of ca
kruD:kroDayitvA:ab of ca
klam:klAmayitvA:ab of ca
klid:kledayitvA:ab of ca
kliS:kleSayitvA:ab of ca
kvaT:kvATayitvA:ab of ca
kzI:kzapayitvA:ab of ca
kzam:kzamayitvA:ab of ca
kzam:kzAmayitvA:ab of ca
kzal:kzAlayitvA:ab of ca
kzip:kzepayitvA:ab of ca
kzuB:kzoBayitvA:ab of ca
kzviq:kzveqayitvA:ab of ca
KaRq:KaRqayitvA:ab of ca
Kan:KAnayitvA:ab of ca
Kid:KedayitvA:ab of ca
Kel:KelayitvA:ab of ca
KyA:KyApayitvA:ab of ca
gad:gadayitvA:ab of ca
gam:gamayitvA:ab of ca
gfD:garDayitvA:ab of ca
gF:gArayitvA:ab of ca
gal:gAlayitvA:ab of ca
gF:gAlayitvA:ab of ca
gF:girayitvA:ab of ca
guRW:guRWayitvA:ab of ca
guh:gUhayitvA:ab of ca
grah:grAhayitvA:ab of ca
glE:glapayitvA:ab of ca
Gaw:GawayitvA:ab of ca
Gaw:GAwayitvA:ab of ca
han:GAtayitvA:ab of ca
Guz:GozayitvA:ab of ca
ci:capayitvA:ab of ca
ci:cayayitvA:ab of ca
cat:cAtayitvA:ab of ca
ci:cApayitvA:ab of ca
ci:cAyayitvA:ab of ca
car:cArayitvA:ab of ca
cal:cAlayitvA:ab of ca
cit:cikitsitvA:ab of des
kf:cikIrzitvA:ab of des
ci:cikIzitvA:ab of des
krI:cikrIzitvA:ab of des
ci:cicIzitvA:ab of des
kzu:cukzUzitvA:ab of des
cit:cetayitvA:ab of ca
cezw:cezwayitvA:ab of ca
cud:codayitvA:ab of ca
kup:copayitvA:ab of ca
Cand:CandayitvA:ab of ca
Cad:CAdayitvA:ab of ca
Cur:CurayitvA:ab of ca
Cid:CedayitvA:ab of ca
jan:janayitvA:ab of ca
jF:jarayitvA:ab of ca
jAgf:jAgarayitvA:ab of ca
jap:jApayitvA:ab of ca
ji:jApayitvA:ab of ca
jas:jAsayitvA:ab of ca
gad:jigadizitvA:ab of des
gam:jigamizitvA:ab of des
gF:jigarizitvA:ab of des
ji:jigIzitvA:ab of des
han:jiGAMsitvA:ab of des
grah:jiGfkzitvA:ab of des
Gas:jiGhatsitvA:ab of des
jIv:jijIvizitvA:ab of des
jYA:jijYAsitvA:ab of des
hA:jihAsitvA:ab of des
hf:jihIrzitvA:ab of des
gup:jugupsitvA:ab of des
hu:juhUzitvA:ab of des
juz:jozayitvA:ab of ca
jYA:jYapayitvA:ab of ca
jYA:jYapitvA:ab of ca
jYA:jYApayitvA:ab of ca
jyut:jyotayitvA:ab of ca
jval:jvalayitvA:ab of ca
tarj:tarjayitvA:ab of ca
tfp:tarpayitvA:ab of ca
taq:tAqayitvA:ab of ca
tap:tApayitvA:ab of ca
tF:tArayitvA:ab of ca
tij:titikzitvA:ab of des
tF:titIrzitvA:ab of des
stu:tuzwUzitvA:ab of des
tij:tejayitvA:ab of ca
tuz:tozayitvA:ab of ca
tyaj:tyAjayitvA:ab of ca
trap:trapayitvA:ab of ca
tras:trAsayitvA:ab of ca
truw:trowayitvA:ab of ca
tvar:tvarayitvA:ab of ca
dam:damayitvA:ab of ca
dfp:darpayitvA:ab of ca
dfB:darBayitvA:ab of ca
dfS:darSayitvA:ab of ca
dA:dApayitvA:ab of ca
dF:dArayitvA:ab of ca
du:dAvayitvA:ab of ca
dAS:dASayitvA:ab of ca
das:dAsayitvA:ab of ca
dah:dAhayitvA:ab of ca
dA:ditsitvA:ab of des
diS:didikzitvA:ab of des
dfS:didfkzitvA:ab of des
DA:diDizitvA:ab of des
DyA:diDyAsitvA:ab of des
dIkz:dIkzayitvA:ab of ca
dIp:dIpayitvA:ab of ca
du:dudUzitvA:ab of des
dru:dudrUzitvA:ab of des
duh:duDukzitvA:ab of des
duz:dUzayitvA:ab of ca
dev:devayitvA:ab of ca
dIv:devayitvA:ab of ca
diS:deSayitvA:ab of ca
dih:dehayitvA:ab of ca
duh:dohayitvA:ab of ca
dyut:dyotayitvA:ab of ca
drA:drApayitvA:ab of ca
druh:drArayitvA:ab of ca
dru:drAvayitvA:ab of ca
Dfz:DarzayitvA:ab of ca
DA:DApayitvA:ab of ca
Df:DArayitvA:ab of ca
DA:DitsitvA:ab of des
Dukz:DukzayitvA:ab of ca
DvaMs:DvaMsayitvA:ab of ca
Dvan:DvanayitvA:ab of ca
Dvf:DvArayitvA:ab of ca
nad:nadayitvA:ab of ca
nand:nandayitvA:ab of ca
nft:nartayitvA:ab of ca
naw:nAwayitvA:ab of ca
nad:nAdayitvA:ab of ca
nam:nAmayitvA:ab of ca
nI:nAyayitvA:ab of ca
naS:nASayitvA:ab of ca
nad:ninadizitvA:ab of des
nft:ninartizitvA:ab of des
nI:ninIzitvA:ab of des
nft:ninftsitvA:ab of des
nud:nunutsitvA:ab of des
nij:nejayitvA:ab of ca
nij:nenikzitvA:ab of des
nud:nodayitvA:ab of ca
paR:paRayitvA:ab of ca
pac:pAcayitvA:ab of ca
paw:pAwayitvA:ab of ca
paW:pAWayitvA:ab of ca
pat:pAtayitvA:ab of ca
paT:pATayitvA:ab of ca
pad:pAdayitvA:ab of ca
pA:pAyayitvA:ab of ca
pf:pArayitvA:ab of ca
pF:pArayitvA:ab of ca
pA:pAlayitvA:ab of ca
pU:pAvayitvA:ab of ca
pac:pipakzitvA:ab of des
paW:pipaWizitvA:ab of des
pat:pipatizitvA:ab of des
pA:pipAsitvA:ab of des
pA:pipAsitvA:ab of des
prI:piprIzitvA:ab of des
pF:pupUrzitvA:ab of des
pF:pUrayitvA:ab of ca
puT:poTayitvA:ab of ca
puz:pozayitvA:ab of ca
praS:pracCayitvA:ab of ca
praT:praTayitvA:ab of ca
pru:prAvayitvA:ab of ca
prI:prIRayitvA:ab of ca
plu:plAvayitvA:ab of ca
baMh:baMhayitvA:ab of ca
banD:banDayitvA:ab of ca
bAD:bADayitvA:ab of ca
Bid:biBitsitvA:ab of des
bAD:bIBatsitvA:ab of des
Buj:buBukzitvA:ab of des
buD:buButsitvA:ab of des
BU:buBUzitvA:ab of des
buD:buBodizitvA:ab of des
buD:buBoDizitvA:ab of des
bfh:bfMhayitvA:ab of ca
buD:boDayitvA:ab of ca
Bakz:BakzayitvA:ab of ca
BaYj:BaYjayitvA:ab of ca
BI:BAyayitvA:ab of ca
Bf:BArayitvA:ab of ca
BU:BAvayitvA:ab of ca
BAs:BAsayitvA:ab of ca
Baj:BikzitvA:ab of des
BI:BIzayitvA:ab of ca
Buj:BuYjApayitvA:ab of ca
BUz:BUzayitvA:ab of ca
Bid:BedayitvA:ab of ca
Buj:BojayitvA:ab of ca
BraMS:BraMSayitvA:ab of ca
BrAj:BrAjayitvA:ab of ca
Bram:BrAmayitvA:ab of ca
maMh:maMhayitvA:ab of ca
majj:majjayitvA:ab of ca
maRq:maRqayitvA:ab of ca
mad:madayitvA:ab of ca
mand:mandayitvA:ab of ca
mfd:mardayitvA:ab of ca
mfS:marSayitvA:ab of ca
mfz:marzayitvA:ab of ca
mah:mahayitvA:ab of ca
mad:mAdayitvA:ab of ca
man:mAnayitvA:ab of ca
mA:mApayitvA:ab of ca
mf:mArayitvA:ab of ca
mfj:mArjayitvA:ab of ca
man:mImAMsitvA:ab of des
mIl:mIlayitvA:ab of ca
muc:mumukzitvA:ab of des
mf:mumUrzitvA:ab of des
mUrC:mUrCayitvA:ab of ca
mid:medayitvA:ab of ca
mil:melApayitvA:ab of ca
muc:mocayitvA:ab of ca
mud:modayitvA:ab of ca
muh:mohayitvA:ab of ca
mreq:mreqayitvA:ab of ca
yam:yamayitvA:ab of ca
yaj:yAjayitvA:ab of ca
yat:yAtayitvA:ab of ca
yA:yApayitvA:ab of ca
yu:yAvayitvA:ab of ca
yaj:yiyakzitvA:ab of des
yat:yiyatizitvA:ab of des
yA:yiyAsitvA:ab of des
yuj:yuyukzitvA:ab of des
yuD:yuyutsitvA:ab of des
yuj:yojayitvA:ab of ca
rakz:rakzayitvA:ab of ca
raYj:raYjayitvA:ab of ca
raR:raRayitvA:ab of ca
raD:ranDayitvA:ab of ca
ram:ramayitvA:ab of ca
rAj:rAjayitvA:ab of ca
rAD:rADayitvA:ab of ca
ram:rAmayitvA:ab of ca
raB:ripsitvA:ab of des
ram:riraMsitvA:ab of des
rakz:rirakzizitvA:ab of des
rAD:rirADayizitvA:ab of des
ruh:rurukzitvA:ab of des
ric:recayitvA:ab of ca
riz:rezayitvA:ab of ca
ruc:rocayitvA:ab of ca
rud:rodayitvA:ab of ca
ruD:roDayitvA:ab of ca
ruh:ropayitvA:ab of ca
ruz:rozayitvA:ab of ca
ruh:rohayitvA:ab of ca
laNG:laNGayitvA:ab of ca
lajj:lajjayitvA:ab of ca
laB:lamBayitvA:ab of ca
lap:lApayitvA:ab of ca
lal:lAlayitvA:ab of ca
laz:lAzayitvA:ab of ca
las:lAsayitvA:ab of ca
laB:lipsitvA:ab of des
laz:lilazizitvA:ab of des
luRW:luRWayitvA:ab of ca
liK:leKayitvA:ab of ca
lip:lepayitvA:ab of ca
luW:loWayitvA:ab of ca
luRW:loWayitvA:ab of ca
luB:loBayitvA:ab of ca
vakz:vakzayitvA:ab of ca
vaYc:vaYcayitvA:ab of ca
vf:varayitvA:ab of ca
vfj:varjayitvA:ab of ca
vft:vartayitvA:ab of ca
vfD:varDayitvA:ab of ca
vfz:varzayitvA:ab of ca
val:valayitvA:ab of ca
vac:vAcayitvA:ab of ca
vad:vAdayitvA:ab of ca
vA:vApayitvA:ab of ca
vap:vApayitvA:ab of ca
vf:vArayitvA:ab of ca
vas:vAsayitvA:ab of ca
vas:vAsayitvA:ab of ca
vah:vAhayitvA:ab of ca
vac:vivakzitvA:ab of des
vas:vivatsitvA:ab of des
vic:vivikzitvA:ab of des
viS:vivikzitvA:ab of des
vid:vivitsitvA:ab of des
vid:vividizitvA:ab of des
vic:vecayitvA:ab of ca
vij:vejayitvA:ab of ca
vid:vedayitvA:ab of ca
vip:vepayitvA:ab of ca
viS:veSayitvA:ab of ca
viz:vezayitvA:ab of ca
vezw:vezwayitvA:ab of ca
vyaT:vyaTayitvA:ab of ca
vyaD:vyADayitvA:ab of ca
vraSc:vraScayitvA:ab of ca
SaMs:SaMsayitvA:ab of ca
Sam:SamayitvA:ab of ca
Sad:SAtayitvA:ab of ca
Sad:SAdayitvA:ab of ca
Sap:SApayitvA:ab of ca
Sam:SAmayitvA:ab of ca
SI:SAyayitvA:ab of ca
Sikz:SikzayitvA:ab of ca
Sak:SikzitvA:ab of des
SI:SiSayizitvA:ab of des
SIl:SIlayitvA:ab of ca
Sru:SuSrUzitvA:ab of des
Siz:SezayitvA:ab of ca
Suc:SocayitvA:ab of ca
SuD:SoDayitvA:ab of ca
SuB:SoBayitvA:ab of ca
Suz:SozayitvA:ab of ca
Scut:ScotayitvA:ab of ca
Sram:SrAmayitvA:ab of ca
Sru:SrAvayitvA:ab of ca
Sliz:SlezayitvA:ab of ca
Svas:SvAsayitvA:ab of ca
saYj:sajjayitvA:ab of ca
sfj:sarjayitvA:ab of ca
sfp:sarpayitvA:ab of ca
sad:sAdayitvA:ab of ca
svad:sAdayitvA:ab of ca
siD:sADayitvA:ab of ca
san:sAnayitvA:ab of ca
sap:sApayitvA:ab of ca
sf:sArayitvA:ab of ca
sah:sAhayitvA:ab of ca
san:sisAnayizitvA:ab of des
sfj:sisfkzitvA:ab of des
sev:sisevizitvA:ab of des
smi:sismayizitvA:ab of des
sIv:sIvayitvA:ab of ca
sIv:susyUzitvA:ab of des
sic:secayitvA:ab of ca
sIv:sevayitvA:ab of ca
skand:skandayitvA:ab of ca
sKal:sKalayitvA:ab of ca
sKal:sKAlayitvA:ab of ca
stamB:stamBayitvA:ab of ca
stu:stAvayitvA:ab of ca
sTA:sTApayitvA:ab of ca
snu:snAvayitvA:ab of ca
snih:snehayitvA:ab of ca
spand:spandayitvA:ab of ca
spaS:spASayitvA:ab of ca
sPuw:sPowayitvA:ab of ca
sPur:sPorayitvA:ab of ca
smi:smAyayitvA:ab of ca
smf:smArayitvA:ab of ca
syand:syandayitvA:ab of ca
sru:srAvayitvA:ab of ca
svaYj:svaYjayitvA:ab of ca
svan:svanayitvA:ab of ca
svad:svAdayitvA:ab of ca
svid:svedayitvA:ab of ca
hfz:harzayitvA:ab of ca
hA:hApayitvA:ab of ca
hf:hArayitvA:ab of ca
has:hAsayitvA:ab of ca
hrAd:hrAdayitvA:ab of ca
hras:hrAsayitvA:ab of ca
hrI:hrepayitvA:ab of ca
hlAd:hlAdayitvA:ab of ca
hU:hvAyayitvA:ab of ca
hvf:hvArayitvA:ab of ca
730 stems found in ../huet/SL_adverbs.xml
337 causal forms skipped
85 desiderative forms skipped
