aYc:aYcayitum:abs of ca
aYc:aYcya:abs of ca
aYj:aYjayitum:abs of ca
aYj:aYjya:abs of ca
an:aninizitum:abs of des
an:aninizya:abs of des
f:aririzitum:abs of des
f:aririzya:abs of des
fc:arcayitum:abs of ca
fc:arcayya:abs of ca
fc:arcicizitum:abs of des
fc:arcicizya:abs of des
fj:arjayitum:abs of ca
fj:arjya:abs of ca
fD:arDayitum:abs of ca
fD:arDayya:abs of ca
f:arpayitum:abs of ca
f:arpayya:abs of ca
arh:arhayitum:abs of ca
arh:arhya:abs of ca
ad:Adayitum:abs of ca
ad:Adya:abs of ca
an:Anayitum:abs of ca
an:Anya:abs of ca
Ap:Apayitum:abs of ca
Ap:Apayya:abs of ca
am:Amayitum:abs of ca
am:Amya:abs of ca
av:Avayitum:abs of ca
av:Avya:abs of ca
aS:ASayitum:abs of ca
aS:ASya:abs of ca
As:Asayitum:abs of ca
as:Asayitum:abs of ca
As:Asya:abs of ca
as:Asya:abs of ca
iNg:iNgayitum:abs of ca
iNg:iNgya:abs of ca
il:ilayitum:abs of ca
il:ilya:abs of ca
iz:izayitum:abs of ca
iz:izayitum:abs of ca
iz:izya:abs of ca
iz:izya:abs of ca
INK:INKayitum:abs of ca
INK:INKya:abs of ca
Ap:Ipsitum:abs of des
Ap:Ipsya:abs of des
Ir:Irayitum:abs of ca
Ir:Irya:abs of ca
utkaRW:utkaRWayitum:abs of ca
utkaRW:utkaRWya:abs of ca
Urj:Urjayitum:abs of ca
Urj:Urjya:abs of ca
ej:ejayitum:abs of ca
ej:ejya:abs of ca
eD:eDayitum:abs of ca
eD:eDya:abs of ca
il:elayitum:abs of ca
il:elya:abs of ca
kamp:kampayitum:abs of ca
kamp:kampya:abs of ca
kfS:karSayitum:abs of ca
kfS:karSya:abs of ca
kfz:karzayitum:abs of ca
kfz:karzya:abs of ca
kxp:kalpayitum:abs of ca
kxp:kalpayya:abs of ca
kam:kAmayitum:abs of ca
kam:kAmya:abs of ca
kf:kArayitum:abs of ca
kf:kArya:abs of ca
kal:kAlayitum:abs of ca
kal:kAlayya:abs of ca
kAS:kASayitum:abs of ca
kAS:kASya:abs of ca
kaz:kAzayitum:abs of ca
kaz:kAzya:abs of ca
kas:kAsayitum:abs of ca
kas:kAsya:abs of ca
kuc:kuYcayitum:abs of ca
kuc:kuYcya:abs of ca
kuRq:kuRqayitum:abs of ca
kuRq:kuRqya:abs of ca
kfp:kfpayitum:abs of ca
kfp:kfpya:abs of ca
kram:kramayitum:abs of ca
kram:kramayya:abs of ca
krI:krApayitum:abs of ca
krI:krApya:abs of ca
kram:krAmayitum:abs of ca
kram:krAmayya:abs of ca
krIq:krIqayitum:abs of ca
krIq:krIqya:abs of ca
kruD:kroDayitum:abs of ca
kruD:kroDya:abs of ca
klam:klAmayitum:abs of ca
klam:klAmya:abs of ca
klid:kledayitum:abs of ca
klid:kledya:abs of ca
kliS:kleSayitum:abs of ca
kliS:kleSya:abs of ca
kvaT:kvATayitum:abs of ca
kvaT:kvATya:abs of ca
kzI:kzapayitum:abs of ca
kzI:kzapya:abs of ca
kzam:kzamayitum:abs of ca
kzam:kzamya:abs of ca
kzam:kzAmayitum:abs of ca
kzam:kzAmya:abs of ca
kzal:kzAlayitum:abs of ca
kzal:kzAlya:abs of ca
kzip:kzepayitum:abs of ca
kzip:kzepya:abs of ca
kzuB:kzoBayitum:abs of ca
kzuB:kzoBya:abs of ca
kzviq:kzveqayitum:abs of ca
kzviq:kzveqya:abs of ca
KaRq:KaRqayitum:abs of ca
KaRq:KaRqya:abs of ca
Kan:KAnayitum:abs of ca
Kan:KAnya:abs of ca
Kid:Kedayitum:abs of ca
Kid:Kedya:abs of ca
Kel:Kelayitum:abs of ca
Kel:Kelya:abs of ca
KyA:KyApayitum:abs of ca
KyA:KyApya:abs of ca
gad:gadayitum:abs of ca
gad:gadya:abs of ca
gam:gamayitum:abs of ca
gam:gamayya:abs of ca
gfD:garDayitum:abs of ca
gfD:garDya:abs of ca
gF:gArayitum:abs of ca
gF:gArya:abs of ca
gal:gAlayitum:abs of ca
gF:gAlayitum:abs of ca
gal:gAlya:abs of ca
gF:gAlya:abs of ca
gF:girayitum:abs of ca
gF:girya:abs of ca
guRW:guRWayitum:abs of ca
guRW:guRWya:abs of ca
guh:gUhayitum:abs of ca
guh:gUhya:abs of ca
grah:grAhayitum:abs of ca
grah:grAhya:abs of ca
glE:glapayitum:abs of ca
glE:glapya:abs of ca
Gaw:Gawayitum:abs of ca
Gaw:Gawya:abs of ca
Gaw:GAwayitum:abs of ca
Gaw:GAwya:abs of ca
han:GAtayitum:abs of ca
han:GAtya:abs of ca
Guz:Gozayitum:abs of ca
Guz:Gozya:abs of ca
ci:capayitum:abs of ca
ci:capya:abs of ca
ci:cayayitum:abs of ca
ci:cayya:abs of ca
cat:cAtayitum:abs of ca
cat:cAtya:abs of ca
ci:cApayitum:abs of ca
ci:cApya:abs of ca
ci:cAyayitum:abs of ca
ci:cAyya:abs of ca
car:cArayitum:abs of ca
car:cArya:abs of ca
cal:cAlayitum:abs of ca
cal:cAlya:abs of ca
cit:cikitsitum:abs of des
cit:cikitsya:abs of des
kf:cikIrzitum:abs of des
kf:cikIrzya:abs of des
ci:cikIzitum:abs of des
ci:cikIzya:abs of des
krI:cikrIzitum:abs of des
krI:cikrIzya:abs of des
ci:cicIzitum:abs of des
ci:cicIzya:abs of des
kzu:cukzUzitum:abs of des
kzu:cukzUzya:abs of des
cit:cetayitum:abs of ca
cit:cetya:abs of ca
cezw:cezwayitum:abs of ca
cezw:cezwya:abs of ca
cud:codayitum:abs of ca
cud:codya:abs of ca
kup:copayitum:abs of ca
kup:copya:abs of ca
Cand:Candayitum:abs of ca
Cand:Candya:abs of ca
Cad:CAdayitum:abs of ca
Cad:CAdya:abs of ca
Cur:Curayitum:abs of ca
Cur:Curya:abs of ca
Cid:Cedayitum:abs of ca
Cid:Cedya:abs of ca
jan:janayitum:abs of ca
jan:janayya:abs of ca
jF:jarayitum:abs of ca
jF:jarya:abs of ca
jAgf:jAgarayitum:abs of ca
jAgf:jAgarya:abs of ca
jap:jApayitum:abs of ca
ji:jApayitum:abs of ca
jap:jApya:abs of ca
ji:jApya:abs of ca
jas:jAsayitum:abs of ca
jas:jAsya:abs of ca
gad:jigadizitum:abs of des
gad:jigadizya:abs of des
gam:jigamizitum:abs of des
gam:jigamizya:abs of des
gF:jigarizitum:abs of des
gF:jigarizya:abs of des
ji:jigIzitum:abs of des
ji:jigIzya:abs of des
han:jiGAMsitum:abs of des
han:jiGAMsya:abs of des
grah:jiGfkzitum:abs of des
grah:jiGfkzya:abs of des
Gas:jiGhatsitum:abs of des
Gas:jiGhatsya:abs of des
jIv:jijIvizitum:abs of des
jIv:jijIvizya:abs of des
jYA:jijYAsitum:abs of des
jYA:jijYAsya:abs of des
hA:jihAsitum:abs of des
hA:jihAsya:abs of des
hf:jihIrzitum:abs of des
hf:jihIrzya:abs of des
gup:jugupsitum:abs of des
gup:jugupsya:abs of des
hu:juhUzitum:abs of des
hu:juhUzya:abs of des
juz:jozayitum:abs of ca
juz:jozya:abs of ca
jYA:jYapayitum:abs of ca
jYA:jYapya:abs of ca
jYA:jYApayitum:abs of ca
jYA:jYAptum:abs of ca
jYA:jYApya:abs of ca
jyut:jyotayitum:abs of ca
jyut:jyotya:abs of ca
jval:jvalayitum:abs of ca
jval:jvalayya:abs of ca
tarj:tarjayitum:abs of ca
tarj:tarjya:abs of ca
tfp:tarpayitum:abs of ca
tfp:tarpya:abs of ca
taq:tAqayitum:abs of ca
taq:tAqya:abs of ca
tap:tApayitum:abs of ca
tap:tApya:abs of ca
tF:tArayitum:abs of ca
tF:tArya:abs of ca
tij:titikzitum:abs of des
tij:titikzya:abs of des
tF:titIrzitum:abs of des
tF:titIrzya:abs of des
stu:tuzwUzitum:abs of des
stu:tuzwUzya:abs of des
tij:tejayitum:abs of ca
tij:tejya:abs of ca
tuz:tozayitum:abs of ca
tuz:tozya:abs of ca
tyaj:tyAjayitum:abs of ca
tyaj:tyAjya:abs of ca
trap:trapayitum:abs of ca
trap:trapya:abs of ca
tras:trAsayitum:abs of ca
tras:trAsya:abs of ca
truw:trowayitum:abs of ca
truw:trowya:abs of ca
tvar:tvarayitum:abs of ca
tvar:tvarya:abs of ca
dam:damayitum:abs of ca
dam:damya:abs of ca
dfp:darpayitum:abs of ca
dfp:darpya:abs of ca
dfB:darBayitum:abs of ca
dfB:darBya:abs of ca
dfS:darSayitum:abs of ca
dfS:darSya:abs of ca
dA:dApayitum:abs of ca
dA:dApya:abs of ca
dF:dArayitum:abs of ca
dF:dArya:abs of ca
du:dAvayitum:abs of ca
du:dAvya:abs of ca
dAS:dASayitum:abs of ca
dAS:dASya:abs of ca
das:dAsayitum:abs of ca
das:dAsya:abs of ca
dah:dAhayitum:abs of ca
dah:dAhya:abs of ca
dA:ditsitum:abs of des
dA:ditsya:abs of des
diS:didikzitum:abs of des
diS:didikzya:abs of des
dfS:didfkzitum:abs of des
dfS:didfkzya:abs of des
DA:diDizitum:abs of des
DA:diDizya:abs of des
DyA:diDyAsitum:abs of des
DyA:diDyAsya:abs of des
dIkz:dIkzayitum:abs of ca
dIkz:dIkzya:abs of ca
dIp:dIpayitum:abs of ca
dIp:dIpya:abs of ca
du:dudUzitum:abs of des
du:dudUzya:abs of des
dru:dudrUzitum:abs of des
dru:dudrUzya:abs of des
duh:duDukzitum:abs of des
duh:duDukzya:abs of des
duz:dUzayitum:abs of ca
duz:dUzya:abs of ca
dev:devayitum:abs of ca
dIv:devayitum:abs of ca
dev:devya:abs of ca
dIv:devya:abs of ca
diS:deSayitum:abs of ca
diS:deSya:abs of ca
dih:dehayitum:abs of ca
dih:dehya:abs of ca
duh:dohayitum:abs of ca
duh:dohya:abs of ca
dyut:dyotayitum:abs of ca
dyut:dyotya:abs of ca
drA:drApayitum:abs of ca
drA:drApya:abs of ca
druh:drArayitum:abs of ca
druh:drArya:abs of ca
dru:drAvayitum:abs of ca
dru:drAvya:abs of ca
Dfz:Darzayitum:abs of ca
Dfz:Darzya:abs of ca
DA:DApayitum:abs of ca
DA:DApya:abs of ca
Df:DArayitum:abs of ca
Df:DArayya:abs of ca
Df:DAritum:abs of ca
DA:Ditsitum:abs of des
DA:Ditsya:abs of des
Dukz:Dukzayitum:abs of ca
Dukz:Dukzya:abs of ca
DvaMs:DvaMsayitum:abs of ca
DvaMs:DvaMsya:abs of ca
Dvan:Dvanayitum:abs of ca
Dvan:DvAnya:abs of ca
Dvf:DvArayitum:abs of ca
Dvf:DvArya:abs of ca
nad:nadayitum:abs of ca
nad:nadya:abs of ca
nand:nandayitum:abs of ca
nand:nandya:abs of ca
nft:nartayitum:abs of ca
nft:nartya:abs of ca
naw:nAwayitum:abs of ca
naw:nAwya:abs of ca
nad:nAdayitum:abs of ca
nad:nAdya:abs of ca
nam:nAmayitum:abs of ca
nam:nAmya:abs of ca
nI:nAyayitum:abs of ca
nI:nAyya:abs of ca
naS:nASayitum:abs of ca
naS:nASya:abs of ca
nad:ninadizitum:abs of des
nad:ninadizya:abs of des
nft:ninartizitum:abs of des
nft:ninartizya:abs of des
nI:ninIzitum:abs of des
nI:ninIzya:abs of des
nft:ninftsitum:abs of des
nft:ninftsya:abs of des
nud:nunutsitum:abs of des
nud:nunutsya:abs of des
nij:nejayitum:abs of ca
nij:nejya:abs of ca
nij:nenikzitum:abs of des
nij:nenikzya:abs of des
nud:nodayitum:abs of ca
nud:nodya:abs of ca
paR:paRayitum:abs of ca
paR:paRya:abs of ca
pac:pAcayitum:abs of ca
pac:pAcya:abs of ca
paw:pAwayitum:abs of ca
paw:pAwya:abs of ca
paW:pAWayitum:abs of ca
paW:pAWya:abs of ca
pat:pAtayitum:abs of ca
pat:pAtya:abs of ca
paT:pATayitum:abs of ca
paT:pATya:abs of ca
pad:pAdayitum:abs of ca
pad:pAdya:abs of ca
pA:pAyayitum:abs of ca
pA:pAyya:abs of ca
pf:pArayitum:abs of ca
pF:pArayitum:abs of ca
pF:pArayya:abs of ca
pf:pArya:abs of ca
pA:pAlayitum:abs of ca
pA:pAlya:abs of ca
pU:pAvayitum:abs of ca
pU:pAvya:abs of ca
pac:pipakzitum:abs of des
pac:pipakzya:abs of des
paW:pipaWizitum:abs of des
paW:pipaWizya:abs of des
pat:pipatizitum:abs of des
pat:pipatizya:abs of des
pA:pipAsitum:abs of des
pA:pipAsitum:abs of des
pA:pipAsya:abs of des
pA:pipAsya:abs of des
prI:piprIzitum:abs of des
prI:piprIzya:abs of des
pF:pupUrzitum:abs of des
pF:pupUrzya:abs of des
pF:pUrayitum:abs of ca
pF:pUrayya:abs of ca
puT:poTayitum:abs of ca
puT:poTya:abs of ca
puz:pozayitum:abs of ca
puz:pozya:abs of ca
praS:pracCayitum:abs of ca
praS:pracCya:abs of ca
praT:praTayitum:abs of ca
praT:praTya:abs of ca
pru:prAvayitum:abs of ca
pru:prAvya:abs of ca
prI:prIRayitum:abs of ca
prI:prIRya:abs of ca
plu:plAvayitum:abs of ca
plu:plAvya:abs of ca
baMh:baMhayitum:abs of ca
baMh:baMhya:abs of ca
banD:banDayitum:abs of ca
banD:banDya:abs of ca
bAD:bADayitum:abs of ca
bAD:bADya:abs of ca
Bid:biBitsitum:abs of des
Bid:biBitsya:abs of des
bAD:bIBatsitum:abs of des
bAD:bIBatsya:abs of des
Buj:buBukzitum:abs of des
Buj:buBukzya:abs of des
buD:buButsitum:abs of des
buD:buButsya:abs of des
BU:buBUzitum:abs of des
BU:buBUzya:abs of des
buD:buBodizitum:abs of des
buD:buBodizya:abs of des
buD:buBoDizitum:abs of des
buD:buBoDizya:abs of des
bfh:bfMhayitum:abs of ca
bfh:bfMhya:abs of ca
buD:boDayitum:abs of ca
buD:boDya:abs of ca
Bakz:Bakzayitum:abs of ca
Bakz:Bakzayya:abs of ca
BaYj:BaYjayitum:abs of ca
BaYj:BaYjya:abs of ca
BI:BAyayitum:abs of ca
BI:BAyya:abs of ca
Bf:BArayitum:abs of ca
Bf:BArya:abs of ca
BU:BAvayitum:abs of ca
BU:BAvitum:abs of ca
BU:BAvya:abs of ca
BAs:BAsayitum:abs of ca
BAs:BAsya:abs of ca
Baj:Bikzitum:abs of des
Baj:Bikzya:abs of des
BI:BIzayitum:abs of ca
BI:BIzya:abs of ca
Buj:BuYjApayitum:abs of ca
Buj:BuYjApya:abs of ca
BUz:BUzayitum:abs of ca
BUz:BUzya:abs of ca
Bid:Bedayitum:abs of ca
Bid:Bedya:abs of ca
Buj:Bojayitum:abs of ca
Buj:Bojya:abs of ca
BraMS:BraMSayitum:abs of ca
BraMS:BraMSya:abs of ca
BrAj:BrAjayitum:abs of ca
BrAj:BrAjya:abs of ca
Bram:BrAmayitum:abs of ca
Bram:BrAmya:abs of ca
maMh:maMhayitum:abs of ca
maMh:maMhya:abs of ca
majj:majjayitum:abs of ca
majj:majjya:abs of ca
maRq:maRqayitum:abs of ca
maRq:maRqya:abs of ca
mad:madayitum:abs of ca
mad:madya:abs of ca
mand:mandayitum:abs of ca
mand:mandya:abs of ca
mfd:mardayitum:abs of ca
mfd:mardya:abs of ca
mfS:marSayitum:abs of ca
mfS:marSya:abs of ca
mfz:marzayitum:abs of ca
mfz:marzya:abs of ca
mah:mahayitum:abs of ca
mah:mahya:abs of ca
mad:mAdayitum:abs of ca
mad:mAdya:abs of ca
man:mAnayitum:abs of ca
man:mAnya:abs of ca
mA:mApayitum:abs of ca
mA:mApya:abs of ca
mf:mArayitum:abs of ca
mfj:mArjayitum:abs of ca
mfj:mArjya:abs of ca
mf:mArya:abs of ca
man:mImAMsitum:abs of des
man:mImAMsya:abs of des
mIl:mIlayitum:abs of ca
mIl:mIlya:abs of ca
muc:mumukzitum:abs of des
muc:mumukzya:abs of des
mf:mumUrzitum:abs of des
mf:mumUrzya:abs of des
mUrC:mUrCayitum:abs of ca
mUrC:mUrCya:abs of ca
mid:medayitum:abs of ca
mid:medya:abs of ca
mil:melApayitum:abs of ca
mil:melApya:abs of ca
muc:mocayitum:abs of ca
muc:mocitum:abs of ca
muc:mocya:abs of ca
mud:modayitum:abs of ca
mud:modya:abs of ca
muh:mohayitum:abs of ca
muh:mohya:abs of ca
mreq:mreqayitum:abs of ca
mreq:mreqya:abs of ca
yam:yamayitum:abs of ca
yam:yamya:abs of ca
yaj:yAjayitum:abs of ca
yaj:yAjya:abs of ca
yat:yAtayitum:abs of ca
yat:yAtya:abs of ca
yA:yApayitum:abs of ca
yA:yApya:abs of ca
yu:yAvayitum:abs of ca
yu:yAvya:abs of ca
yaj:yiyakzitum:abs of des
yaj:yiyakzya:abs of des
yat:yiyatizitum:abs of des
yat:yiyatizya:abs of des
yA:yiyAsitum:abs of des
yA:yiyAsya:abs of des
yuj:yuyukzitum:abs of des
yuj:yuyukzya:abs of des
yuD:yuyutsitum:abs of des
yuD:yuyutsya:abs of des
yuj:yojayitum:abs of ca
yuj:yojya:abs of ca
rakz:rakzayitum:abs of ca
rakz:rakzya:abs of ca
raYj:raYjayitum:abs of ca
raYj:raYjya:abs of ca
raR:raRayitum:abs of ca
raR:raRya:abs of ca
raD:ranDayitum:abs of ca
raD:ranDya:abs of ca
ram:ramayitum:abs of ca
ram:ramya:abs of ca
rAj:rAjayitum:abs of ca
rAj:rAjya:abs of ca
rAD:rADayitum:abs of ca
rAD:rADya:abs of ca
ram:rAmayitum:abs of ca
ram:rAmya:abs of ca
raB:ripsitum:abs of des
raB:ripsya:abs of des
ram:riraMsitum:abs of des
ram:riraMsya:abs of des
rakz:rirakzizitum:abs of des
rakz:rirakzizya:abs of des
rAD:rirADayizitum:abs of des
rAD:rirADayizya:abs of des
ruh:rurukzitum:abs of des
ruh:rurukzya:abs of des
ric:recayitum:abs of ca
ric:recya:abs of ca
riz:rezayitum:abs of ca
riz:rezya:abs of ca
ruc:rocayitum:abs of ca
ruc:rocya:abs of ca
rud:rodayitum:abs of ca
rud:rodya:abs of ca
ruD:roDayitum:abs of ca
ruD:roDya:abs of ca
ruh:ropayitum:abs of ca
ruh:ropya:abs of ca
ruz:rozayitum:abs of ca
ruz:rozya:abs of ca
ruh:rohayitum:abs of ca
ruh:rohya:abs of ca
laNG:laNGayitum:abs of ca
laNG:laNGya:abs of ca
lajj:lajjayitum:abs of ca
lajj:lajjya:abs of ca
laB:lamBayitum:abs of ca
laB:lamBya:abs of ca
lap:lApayitum:abs of ca
lap:lApya:abs of ca
lal:lAlayitum:abs of ca
lal:lAlya:abs of ca
laz:lAzayitum:abs of ca
laz:lAzya:abs of ca
las:lAsayitum:abs of ca
las:lAsya:abs of ca
laB:lipsitum:abs of des
laB:lipsya:abs of des
laz:lilazizitum:abs of des
laz:lilazizya:abs of des
luRW:luRWayitum:abs of ca
luRW:luRWya:abs of ca
liK:leKayitum:abs of ca
liK:leKya:abs of ca
lip:lepayitum:abs of ca
lip:lepya:abs of ca
luW:loWayitum:abs of ca
luRW:loWayitum:abs of ca
luW:loWya:abs of ca
luRW:loWya:abs of ca
luB:loBayitum:abs of ca
luB:loBya:abs of ca
vakz:vakzayitum:abs of ca
vakz:vakzya:abs of ca
vaYc:vaYcayitum:abs of ca
vaYc:vaYcya:abs of ca
vf:varayitum:abs of ca
vfj:varjayitum:abs of ca
vfj:varjayya:abs of ca
vft:vartayitum:abs of ca
vft:vartya:abs of ca
vfD:varDayitum:abs of ca
vfD:varDya:abs of ca
vf:varya:abs of ca
vfz:varzayitum:abs of ca
vfz:varzya:abs of ca
val:valayitum:abs of ca
val:valya:abs of ca
vac:vAcayitum:abs of ca
vac:vAcya:abs of ca
vad:vAdayitum:abs of ca
vad:vAdya:abs of ca
vA:vApayitum:abs of ca
vap:vApayitum:abs of ca
vA:vApya:abs of ca
vap:vApya:abs of ca
vf:vArayitum:abs of ca
vf:vArya:abs of ca
vas:vAsayitum:abs of ca
vas:vAsayitum:abs of ca
vas:vAsya:abs of ca
vas:vAsya:abs of ca
vah:vAhayitum:abs of ca
vah:vAhya:abs of ca
vac:vivakzitum:abs of des
vac:vivakzya:abs of des
vas:vivatsitum:abs of des
vas:vivatsya:abs of des
vic:vivikzitum:abs of des
viS:vivikzitum:abs of des
vic:vivikzya:abs of des
viS:vivikzya:abs of des
vid:vivitsitum:abs of des
vid:vivitsya:abs of des
vid:vividizitum:abs of des
vid:vividizya:abs of des
vic:vecayitum:abs of ca
vic:vecya:abs of ca
vij:vejayitum:abs of ca
vij:vejya:abs of ca
vid:vedayitum:abs of ca
vid:vedya:abs of ca
vip:vepayitum:abs of ca
vip:vepya:abs of ca
viS:veSayitum:abs of ca
viS:veSya:abs of ca
viz:vezayitum:abs of ca
vezw:vezwayitum:abs of ca
vezw:vezwya:abs of ca
viz:vezya:abs of ca
vyaT:vyaTayitum:abs of ca
vyaT:vyaTya:abs of ca
vyaD:vyADayitum:abs of ca
vyaD:vyADya:abs of ca
vraSc:vraScayitum:abs of ca
vraSc:vraScya:abs of ca
SaMs:SaMsayitum:abs of ca
SaMs:SaMsya:abs of ca
Sam:Samayitum:abs of ca
Sam:Samya:abs of ca
Sad:SAtayitum:abs of ca
Sad:SAtya:abs of ca
Sad:SAdayitum:abs of ca
Sad:SAdya:abs of ca
Sap:SApayitum:abs of ca
Sap:SApya:abs of ca
Sam:SAmayitum:abs of ca
Sam:SAmya:abs of ca
SI:SAyayitum:abs of ca
SI:SAyya:abs of ca
Sikz:Sikzayitum:abs of ca
Sak:Sikzitum:abs of des
Sikz:Sikzya:abs of ca
Sak:Sikzya:abs of des
SI:SiSayizitum:abs of des
SI:SiSayizya:abs of des
SIl:SIlayitum:abs of ca
SIl:SIlya:abs of ca
Sru:SuSrUzitum:abs of des
Sru:SuSrUzya:abs of des
Siz:Sezayitum:abs of ca
Siz:Sezitum:abs of ca
Siz:Sezya:abs of ca
Suc:Socayitum:abs of ca
Suc:Socya:abs of ca
SuD:SoDayitum:abs of ca
SuD:SoDya:abs of ca
SuB:SoBayitum:abs of ca
SuB:SoBya:abs of ca
Suz:Sozayitum:abs of ca
Suz:Sozya:abs of ca
Scut:Scotayitum:abs of ca
Scut:Scotya:abs of ca
Sram:SrAmayitum:abs of ca
Sram:SrAmya:abs of ca
Sru:SrAvayitum:abs of ca
Sru:SrAvya:abs of ca
Sliz:Slezayitum:abs of ca
Sliz:Slezya:abs of ca
Svas:SvAsayitum:abs of ca
Svas:SvAsya:abs of ca
saYj:sajjayitum:abs of ca
saYj:sajjya:abs of ca
sfj:sarjayitum:abs of ca
sfj:sarjya:abs of ca
sfp:sarpayitum:abs of ca
sfp:sarpya:abs of ca
sad:sAdayitum:abs of ca
svad:sAdayitum:abs of ca
sad:sAdya:abs of ca
svad:sAdya:abs of ca
siD:sADayitum:abs of ca
siD:sADya:abs of ca
san:sAnayitum:abs of ca
san:sAnya:abs of ca
sap:sApayitum:abs of ca
sap:sApya:abs of ca
sf:sArayitum:abs of ca
sf:sArya:abs of ca
sah:sAhayitum:abs of ca
sah:sAhya:abs of ca
san:sisAnayizitum:abs of des
san:sisAnayizya:abs of des
sfj:sisfkzitum:abs of des
sfj:sisfkzya:abs of des
sev:sisevizitum:abs of des
sev:sisevizya:abs of des
smi:sismayizitum:abs of des
smi:sismayizya:abs of des
sIv:sIvayitum:abs of ca
sIv:sIvya:abs of ca
sIv:susyUzitum:abs of des
sIv:susyUzya:abs of des
sic:secayitum:abs of ca
sic:secya:abs of ca
sIv:sevayitum:abs of ca
sIv:sevya:abs of ca
skand:skandayitum:abs of ca
skand:skandya:abs of ca
sKal:sKalayitum:abs of ca
sKal:sKalya:abs of ca
sKal:sKAlayitum:abs of ca
sKal:sKAlya:abs of ca
stamB:stamBayitum:abs of ca
stamB:stamBya:abs of ca
stu:stAvayitum:abs of ca
stu:stAvya:abs of ca
sTA:sTApayitum:abs of ca
sTA:sTApya:abs of ca
snu:snAvayitum:abs of ca
snu:snAvya:abs of ca
snih:snehayitum:abs of ca
snih:snehya:abs of ca
spand:spandayitum:abs of ca
spand:spandya:abs of ca
spaS:spASayitum:abs of ca
spaS:spASya:abs of ca
sPuw:sPowayitum:abs of ca
sPuw:sPowya:abs of ca
sPur:sPorayitum:abs of ca
sPur:sPorya:abs of ca
smi:smAyayitum:abs of ca
smi:smAyya:abs of ca
smf:smArayitum:abs of ca
smf:smArya:abs of ca
syand:syandayitum:abs of ca
syand:syandya:abs of ca
sru:srAvayitum:abs of ca
sru:srAvya:abs of ca
svaYj:svaYjayitum:abs of ca
svaYj:svaYjya:abs of ca
svan:svanayitum:abs of ca
svan:svanya:abs of ca
svad:svAdayitum:abs of ca
svad:svAdya:abs of ca
svid:svedayitum:abs of ca
svid:svedya:abs of ca
hfz:harzayitum:abs of ca
hfz:harzya:abs of ca
hA:hApayitum:abs of ca
hA:hApya:abs of ca
hf:hArayitum:abs of ca
hf:hArya:abs of ca
has:hAsayitum:abs of ca
has:hAsya:abs of ca
hrAd:hrAdayitum:abs of ca
hrAd:hrAdya:abs of ca
hras:hrAsayitum:abs of ca
hras:hrAsya:abs of ca
hrI:hrepayitum:abs of ca
hrI:hrepya:abs of ca
hlAd:hlAdayitum:abs of ca
hlAd:hlAdya:abs of ca
hU:hvAyayitum:abs of ca
hU:hvAyya:abs of ca
hvf:hvArayitum:abs of ca
hvf:hvArya:abs of ca
731 stems found in ../huet/SL_final.xml
677 causal forms skipped
170 desiderative forms skipped
