sanload...
init-sanskrit1...
init-sanskrit1 begins...Sat Oct 17 15:24:15 2015
BEGIN construct-init...
fol-ob-init
init-transliteration
init-Sangram
init-sets
init-properties
init-vowelstrength
init-semivowels
Sandhi-load-init
Sandhi 6378
Sandhi-Inverse-join 4552
Sandhi-Inverse-nojoin 1474
Sandhi-Inverse 5060
Sandhi-Length 98
Subanta-initAll
init-sup
init-vsup
irregs-init
END construct-init
init-sanskrit1 ends...Sat Oct 17 15:24:16 2015
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): kuu should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): jhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): druu should be checked
class-b-base (9): druu should be checked
class-b-base (9): druu should be checked
class-b-base (9): druu should be checked
class-b-base (9): dhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): dhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): dhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): dhRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): mii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lpii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lpii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lpii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lpii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lvii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lvii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lvii should be checked
class-b-base (9): lvii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): shrii should be checked
class-b-base (9): sRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): sRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): sRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): sRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): spRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): spRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): spRI should be checked
class-b-base (9): spRI should be checked
