
The purpose is to compare Huet's inflected forms with those generated by
elispsanskrit/pysanskrit.

## interpret Huet's participles, perfect participle atmanepada

ppft = perfect participle
atma = atmanepada

In pysan, this participle is called a 'reduplicative perfect participle' (rpp).

```
python huet_parts.py ../huet/SL_parts.xml ppft atma > huet_parts_log.txt
```
output files are huet_stems_ppftm.txt and huet_decl_tables_ppftm.txt

For each active perfect participle form, in addition to the pada (always 
'para' or 'P'), Huet provides the class of the underlying root. Unfortunately,
the SL_parts.xml file does NOT provide the root.  And then there is the
gender.  Note that feminine stems have the same 'stem' as the masculine and
neuter.  Also, there are no case 8 (vocative) forms given in the declensions.


## generate pysan_stems_ppftm.txt

```
python pysan_stems.py ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-rpp.txt ppftm 
```
Output file is pysan_stems_ppftm.txt

The data source is the list MW-verb-ppftm.txt.
This program just collects the information in this file, and changes
format to that of huet_stems_ppftm.txt.  Namely, it collects stems along
with all padas mentioned.  For comparison with Huet, the underlying root
and class of the participle is omitted in the output.

The input file has records like:
```
:kf rpp 8m:(cakrARa)
```
which we reformat to be like huet_stems_ppftm.txt, such as
```
cakrARa:A
```


## compare huet and pysan prf_stem data
```
python compare_stems.py ppftm
```
The output is compare_stems_ppftm.txt, which provides some analysis of the
similarities and differences between huet_stems_ppftm.txt and
pysan_stems_ppftm.txt

## Generate pysan conjugations

There is currently no precomputed pysan declensions for these participles.
The following is just a placeholder for later work.
```
python pysan_parts.py ppftm  ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-ppftm-decl.txt

```
This input file of declensions of perfect active participles is somewhat awkward to compare with the Huet file.  It constructs an output file for each
of the Huet declensions (huet_decl_tables_ppftm), by matching on the
participle stem of the underlying root and the gender.

##  compare declension tables
```
python compare_decl_tables.py ppftm 
```

output is compare_decl_tables_ppftm.txt

## first summary

See [issue#24](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/issues/24) for some discussion of the comparison.


