
The purpose is to compare Huet's inflected forms with those generated by
elispsanskrit/pysanskrit.

## interpret Huet's participles, potential passive  

pfutp = passive future participle (Huet)
potp =  potential passive participle (pysan)

These participles are also termed gerundives.


```
python huet_parts.py ../huet/SL_parts.xml pfutp > huet_parts_log.txt
```
output files are huet_stems_potp.txt and huet_decl_tables_potp.txt

For each future participle form, in addition to the pada (always 
'para' or 'P'), Huet provides a digit (1,2 or 3) indicating the type of
gerundive:
* 1 = gerundive in 'ya'
* 2 = gerundive in 'Iya'
* 3 = gerundive in 'tavya'

Unfortunately,
the SL_parts.xml file does NOT provide the root.  And then there is the
gender.  Note that feminine stems have the same 'stem' as the masculine and
neuter.  Also, there are no case 8 (vocative) forms given in the declensions.


## generate pysan_stems_potp.txt

```
python pysan_stems.py ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-potp.txt potp
```
Output file is pysan_stems_potp.txt

The data source is the list MW-verb-potp.txt. We analyze the endings
 (-tavya, -Iya, -ya) to provide a numerical code (3,2 or 1) as in Huet.

> `karzwavya` has a kind of '1' in Huet; I think this is an error, it should b '3' (tavya).

The underlying root, class, and pada are omitted, to facilitate comparison
with Huet.

The input file has records like:
```
:aMh potp 10a:(aMhayitavya aMhanIya aMhya)
```
which we reformat to be like huet_stems_potp.txt, such as
```
aMhayitavya:3
aMhanIya:2
aMhya:1
```


## compare huet and pysan potp stem data
```
python compare_stems.py potp
```
The output is compare_stems_potp.txt, which provides some analysis of the
similarities and differences between huet_stems_potp.txt and
pysan_stems_potp.txt

## Generate pysan declensions

There is currently no MW-verb-potp-decl.txt file.  All the participles
have the common form of declension like adjectives ending in 'a'.
The rest of this readme is a placeholder, in case a pysan declension file
is later prepared.

```
python pysan_parts.py potp  ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-potp-decl.txt

```
This input file of declensions of present active participles is somewhat awkward to compare with the Huet file.  It constructs an output file for each
of the Huet declensions (huet_decl_tables_potp), by matching on the
participle stem and class of the underlying root and the gender.

##  compare declension tables
```
python compare_decl_tables.py potp 
```

output is compare_decl_tables_potp.txt

## first summary

See [issue#23](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/issues/23) for some discussion of the comparison.


