
The purpose is to compare Huet's inflected forms with those generated by
elispsanskrit/pysanskrit.

## interpret Huet's verb inflected forms, aorist injunctive tense

```
python verbs_tp.py ../huet/SL_roots.xml inj >verbs-tp-log.txt
```
output files are huet_stems_inj.txt and huet_conj_tables_inj.txt

From Huet's SL_roots.xml file, we derive all roots for
which there is a form with the aorist injunctive tense paradigm. (tp = tense paradigm)

huet_stems_inj.txt has all the stems that so occur, along with a list of
the padas which occur.  Also, there are different aorist injunctive kind , indicated
as a digit from 1 to 7.  So the stems are shown with the <kind><pada> 
combinations that occur in SL-roots.xml.
Note that "pada" can also be 'pass' (passive). These show as 'Q' in the
huet_stems_inj file (e.g. `Sru:1Q,2P,3A,3P,4A,4P`).

Programming note2: We made a couple of adjustments to huet's data to 
facilitate comparisons.
* Huet uses a convention for homonym representation. For example there 
  are two homonyms for `aja`, and these are distinguished as `aja#1` and
  `aja#2`.   
* We drop the homonym distinction, leaving just `aja`.

## pysan does not have aorist injunctive (root aorist).
   Thus the rest of this note is not applicable, and only
   serves as a placeholder in case pysan is later enhanced.

## generate pysan_stems_inj.txt

The pysan system does not currently compute the aorist injunctive.
So this step is not available

```
python pysan_stems.py ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-inj.txt inj
```
Output file is pysan_stems_inj.txt

## compare huet and pysan inj_stem data
```
python compare_stems.py inj
```
The output is compare_stems_inj.txt, which provides some analysis of the
similarities and differences between huet_stems_inj.txt and
pysan_stems_inj.txt

## Generate pysan conjugations

```
python pysan_tp.py inj ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-aor.txt

```
We read the huet conjugation tables, and for each one use the header
information to match a aorist injunctive tense conjugation precomputed by pysan in 
the MW-verb-aor.txt file.  As currently written, certain details of
 the pysan computation of aorist injunctive tense conjugations depends on the underlying
present tense conjugation class of the roots. Since this class is unavailable
in the aorist injunctive tense conjugation information from Huet, pysan cannot thus
compute a aorist injunctive tense solely on the basis of the huet_conj_tables_inj.txt file. That's why we're using MW-verb-aor file.

##  compare conjugation tables
```
python compare_conj_tables.py inj 
```

output is compare_conj_tables_inj.txt

## first summary

See [issue#15](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/issues/15) for some discussion of the comparison.


