
The purpose is to compare Huet's inflected forms with those generated by
elispsanskrit/pysanskrit.

## step1: interpret Huet's noun declensions

```
python nouns.py ../huet/SL_nouns.xml huet_noun_stems_genders.txt huet_noun_tables.txt > nouns_log.txt
```

From Huet's SL_nouns.xml file, we derive the set of all stems for which
there are declined forms, and for each stem identify the genders for which
there are declined forms.  This summary of coverage is shown in the
 huet_noun_stems_genders.txt file.

We also gather the declension table for each stem-gender form, and print this
in a form similar to that used by the elispsanskrit batch declension 

Programming note1: There appears to be no difference in the xml structure
of SL_nouns.xml and that of SL_pronouns.xml.  So, the python_nouns.py program
is identical to python_pronouns.py.

Programming note2: We made a couple of adjustments to huet's data to 
facilitate comparisons.
* Huet uses a convention for homonym representation. For example there 
  are two homonyms for `aja`, and these are distinguished as `aja#1` and
  `aja#2`.   
* We drop the homonym distinction, leaving just `aja`.
* Relatedly, there would now be a duplicated stem `aja`. We drop duplicate
  stems in the two output files. 
* For possible further investigation, we write to the log file `nouns_log.txt`,
  the details of the stem, genders, and declensions for the duplicates which
  are dropped.

## Problems of commensuration
In addition to SL_pronouns.xml and SL_nouns.xml, Huet also has declined forms
in SL_participles.xml.  

In addtion to MW-noun.txt, pysan system has declined forms in MW-adj.txt,
and participle declensions in several files (along with separate 'stem' files):
*  MW-verb-prap-decl.txt (MW-verb-prap.txt)  present active participle
*  MW-verb-prmp-decl.txt (MW-verb-prmp.txt)  present middle participle
*  MW-verb-prpp-decl.txt (MW-verb-prpp.txt)  present passive participle
*  MW-verb-fap-decl.txt (MW-verb-fap.txt)  future active participle
*  MW-verb-fmp-decl.txt (MW-verb-fmp.txt)  future middle participle
*  MW-verb-fpp-decl.txt (MW-verb-fpp.txt)  future passive participle
*  (MW-verb-potp.txt) gerundives (potential passive participle(?))
*  (MW-verb-ppp.txt) perfect passive participle
*  (MW-verb-rpp.txt) reduplicative passive participle

Note that the last three categories do not have (currently) separate
declension tables, but only stems.

Another minor peculiarity of MW-noun.txt and MW-adj.txt is that the 
declension tables appear in multiple files:
* MW-adj-01.txt, ..., MW-adj-05.txt
* MW-noun-01.txt, ..., MW-noun-11.txt

## identify pysan location of huet noun stems 
There are nearly 10,000 stems in huet_noun_stems_genders.txt.  
And there are 50,000 stems in MW-adj.txt and over 100,000 stems in 
MW-noun.txt.   

Some huet stems (e.g., caru) are in MW-adj, and some stems (e.g. hvaraka)
are in [MW-noun.txt](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/blob/master/grammar/prod/inputs/MW-noun.txt) or [MW-adj.txt](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/blob/master/grammar/prod/inputs/MW-adj.txt)

As a first step in comparison, let's find the location of the Huet noun
stems in one of these two places (MW-noun or MW-adj).

python huet_mwstems.py huet_noun_stems_genders.txt ../../grammar/prod/inputs/MW-noun.txt ../../grammar/prod/inputs/MW-adj.txt huet_mwstems.txt > huet_mwstems_log.txt

## Generate declensions from huet_mwstems.txt

python pysan_nouns.py huet_mwstems.txt pysan_noun_tables.txt

This program uses the Python version of the declension engine to 
generate declensions based upon the information in huet_mwstems.txt.


## compare the declension tables
```
python compare_noun_stems.py huet pysan compare
```

The purpose of the comparison is to present points of similarity and difference,
in such a way as to facilitate further investigation. The files compared are
pysan  

The programmatic comparison are in files
* [huet_mwstems.txt](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/blob/master/huetcompare/nouns/huet_mwstems.txt) is based on all the noun stems from Huet's SL_nouns.xml document. For each of Huet's stems, a matching record from either MW-noun.txt or MW-adj.txt is summarized.  For non-matching stems, an identifiable phrase is shown.
* [compare_noun_tables.txt](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/blob/master/huetcompare/nouns/compare_noun_tables.txt) summarizes the differences in declension for the stems and genders of huet_mwstems.txt.  

See [issue#7](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/issues/7) for some discussion of the comparison.

* THE END
