;; This buffer is for notes you don't want to save, and for Lisp evaluation.
;; If you want to create a file, visit that file with C-x C-f,
;; then enter the text in that file's own buffer.



(s-file-init-alt1 "MW-noun.txt" "inputs" "MW-noun-01.txt" "prod/outputs" 1 9999)
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akarA a-kara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akalkA a-kalka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akulA a-kula
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akUpArA a-kUpAra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akftA a-kfta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akrAntA a-krAnta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akriyA a-kriya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzapIqA akza-pIqa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzakI akzaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzatA a-kzata
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzayA a-kzaya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzayiRI a-kzayin
s-file-init-helper WARNING: akzarA a-kzara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aKarvA a-Karva
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agajA a-ga-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnigarBA agni-garBa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnijihvA agni-jihva
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnijvAlA agni-jvAla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnidIptA agni-dIpta
sandhi-single(error): [t s] 
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnimuKI agni-muKa
Warning agnivela f agni-vela: (noun a) f
error@line: agnivela : S f : <MW=agni-vela,1423,1>
Warning agnisaraRa f agni-saraRa: (noun a) f
error@line: agnisaraRa : S f : <MW=agni-saraRa,1431,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnizWA agni-zWa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agnihotrI agni-hotra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agrA agra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agrajA agra-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agrimA agrima
s-file-init-helper WARNING: agryA agrya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aGorA a-Gora
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aNgajA aNga-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aNgikA aNgaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aNganA aNgana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aNgAraparRI aNgAra-parRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aNgAritA aNgArita
s-file-init-helper WARNING: acaRqI a-caRqa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: acalA a-cala
s-file-init-helper WARNING: acirA a-cira
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajA aja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajagarI aja-gara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajamuKI aja-muKa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajA a-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajaqA a-jaqa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajapA a-japa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajayA a-jaya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ajarA a-jara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aYjanA aYjana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aYjanakeSI aYjana-keSa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aYjanakI aYjanaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aYjasI aYjasa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aYjalikA aYjalika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aRqajA aRqa-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atasI atasa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atikaTA ati-kaTa
Warning atigarIyas n ati-garIyas: (noun iiyas) n
error@line: atigarIyas : S n : <MW=ati-garIyas,3443,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atiCattrakA ati-Cattraka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atitIvrA ati-tIvra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atitfzRA ati-tfzRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atinidrA ati-nidra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atibalA ati-bala
declension-general-1cons: unexpected : baahn M
Warning atibAhn m ati-bAhn: (noun 1cons) m
error@line: atibAhn : S m : <MW=ati-bAhn,3601,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atiraktA ati-rakta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atirucirA ati-rucira
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ativakrA ati-vakra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atyamlA aty-amla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aticarA ati-cara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atiSayanI ati-Sayana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: atyUhA aty-Uha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: adattA a-datta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: adyatanI adyatana
Warning adyUtyA n a-dyUtyA: (noun aa) n
error@line: adyUtyA : S n : <MW=a-dyUtyA,5421,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDarA aDara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDarmA a-Darma
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDomuKA aDo-muKa
Warning aDityaka f aDityaka: (noun a) f
error@line: aDityaka : S f : <MW=aDityaka,5997,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDirohaRI aDi-rohaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDiSrayaRI aDi-SrayaRa
Warning aDyayanatapasI n aDy-ayana-tapasI: (noun ii) n
error@line: aDyayanatapasI : S n : <MW=aDy-ayana-tapasI,6359,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDIrA a-DIra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDfzyA a-Dfzya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDyUQA aDy-UQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aDvagA aDva-ga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anapekzA an-apekza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anavadyA an-avadya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anavasTA an-avasTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anavekzA an-avekza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anasUyA an-asUya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anAkrAntA an-AkrAnta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anAgA an-Aga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anAlambI an-Alamba
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anidrA a-nidra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anizwA an-izwa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anISA an-ISa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anIhA an-Iha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anukUlA anu-kUla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anugA anu-ga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anucArikA anu-cAraka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anujA anu-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anujAtA anu-jAta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anutaptA anu-tapta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anunirvApyA anu-nirvApya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anupamA an-upama
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anubanDI anu-banDa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anurAgiRI anu-rAgin
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anulepikA anu-lepaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anulomA anu-loma
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anuvAkyA anu-vAkya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anuSayI anu-Saya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anuSayAnA anu-SayAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anuzRA an-uzRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anUkA anUka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anUQA an-UQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: anUnA an-Una
s-file-init-helper WARNING: antaHpurikA antaH-purika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: antaHsTA antaH-sTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: antrI antra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: annapUrRA anna-pUrRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apagA apa-ga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apacCAyA apa-cCAya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apattrA a-pattra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apatyadA apatya-da
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apaTA a-paTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aparA apara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aparAntikA aparAntaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aparAjitA a-parAjita
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aparRA a-parRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apavIRA apa-vIRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apAlA a-pAla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apiDAnI api-DAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apucCA a-pucCa
Warning apUrRata f a-pUrRa-ta: (noun a) f
error@line: apUrRata : S f : <MW=a-pUrRa-ta,15029,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apodikA apodaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aprajA a-praja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apratiBA a-pratiBa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aprattA a-pratta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: apriyA a-priya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aprOQhA a-prOQha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aPalA a-Pala
s-file-init-helper WARNING: abalA a-bala
s-file-init-helper WARNING: abADA a-bADa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: abdA ab-da
s-file-init-helper WARNING: abDijA ab-Di-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: abrAhmaRI a-brAhmaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBayA a-Baya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBicakzaRA aBi-cakzaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBijYA aBi-jYa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBiDAnI aBi-DAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBinandA aBi-nanda
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBimuKI aBi-muKa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBisArI aBi-sAra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBisAriRI aBi-sArin
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aBIzwA aBIzwa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aByuditA aBy-udita
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amAnuzI a-mAnuza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amarA a-mara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amarI a-mara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amalA a-mala
declension-general-1cons: unexpected : am N
Warning am n am: (noun 1cons) n
error@line: am : S n : <MW=am,20893,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amftA a-mfta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amftaPalA a-mfta-Pala
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amftasamBavA a-mfta-samBava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amoGA a-moGa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ambazWA amba-zWa
error((wrong-type-argument char-or-string-p nil))
error in file-init @ line= ''
s-file-init-helper WARNING: amlikA amlaka
Warning ayanakala f ayana-kala: (noun a) f
error@line: ayanakala : S f : <MW=ayana-kala,21559,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ayoDyA a-yoDya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arajA a-raja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arAyI a-rAya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aruRapuzpI aruRa-puzpa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arkajA arka-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arkapattrA arka-pattra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arkasutA arka-suta
Warning arkyA n arkyA: (noun aa) n
error@line: arkyA : S n : <MW=arkyA,23017,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arjunI arjuna
Warning arTakriya f arTa-kriya: (noun a) f
error@line: arTakriya : S f : <MW=arTa-kriya,23267,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arTahArikA arTa-hAraka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ardanA ardana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arDacandanaliptA arDa-candana-lipta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arDapAdA arDa-pAda
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arDamAtrikA arDa-mAtrika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: arSoGorI arSo-Gora
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alagardA ala-garda
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alakA alaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alambuzA alambuza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alAbukA alAbuka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alipriyA ali-priya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alolA a-lola
s-file-init-helper WARNING: alpapattrI alpa-pattra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avakA avaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avakzepaRI ava-kzepaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avacUqA ava-cUqa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avapIqanA ava-pIqana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avarA avara
Warning avarIyas m a-varIyas: (noun iiyas) m
error@line: avarIyas : S m : <MW=a-varIyas,26193,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avaroDikA ava-roDaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avarzA a-varza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avaleKA ava-leKa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avaleKanI ava-leKana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avalIQA ava-lIQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avalehikA ava-lehaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avalokitA ava-lokita
Warning avas n avas: (noun vas) n
error@line: avas : S n : <MW=avas,26597,1>
Warning avasaBa f ava-saBa: (noun a) f
error@line: avasaBa : S f : <MW=ava-saBa,26645,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avaTA ava-Ta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avahitTA avahitTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avipriyA avi-priya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avikA avika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aviGnA a-viGna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aviTyA aviTya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avinItA a-vinIta
declension-general-1cons: unexpected : viparyay M
Warning aviparyay m a-viparyay: (noun 1cons) m
error@line: aviparyay : S m : <MW=a-viparyay,27527,1>
Warning aviBAjyata f a-viBAjya-ta: (noun a) f
error@line: aviBAjyata : S f : <MW=a-viBAjya-ta,27587,1>
Warning aviBAvana f a-viBAvana: (noun a) f
error@line: aviBAvana : S f : <MW=a-viBAvana,27591,1>
Warning aviSvasanIyatvA n a-viSvasanIya-tvA: (noun aa) n
error@line: aviSvasanIyatvA : S n : <MW=a-viSvasanIya-tvA,27785,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aviSvAsA a-viSvAsa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avizA a-viza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avizI aviza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avIrA a-vIra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avedyA a-vedya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avelA a-vela
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avyaNgA a-vyaNga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avyaTizI a-vyaTiza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: avyavasTA a-vyavasTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSanA a-Sana
Warning aSanAyApipAse f aSanAyA-pipAse: (noun e) f
error@line: aSanAyApipAse : S f : <MW=aSanAyA-pipAse,28287,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSokA a-Soka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSokakarI a-Soka-kara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSmakI aSmaka
Warning aSradDa f a-SradDa: (noun a) f
error@line: aSradDa : S f : <MW=a-SradDa,28825,2>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSrutA a-Sruta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvA aSva
Warning aSvakaSa f aSva-kaSa: (noun a) f
error@line: aSvakaSa : S f : <MW=aSva-kaSa,28965,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvaparRI aSva-parRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvapucCikA aSva-pucCaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvamuKI aSva-muKa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvameDatva aSva-meDa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvaraTA aSva-raTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvahfdayA aSva-hfdaya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvArohA aSvAroha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvikA aSvaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvatarA aSvatara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvatarI aSvatara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvatTA aSvatTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvatTI aSvatTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aSvatTikA aSvatTaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azAQA a-zAQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwakarRI azwa-karRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwApadA azwA-pada
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwakA azwaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwakA azwaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwamI azwama
s-file-init-helper WARNING: azwamikA azwamaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asanA asana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asapatnA a-sapatna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asaMbADA a-saMbADa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asArA a-sAra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asitA asita
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asurA asura
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asurI asura
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asUyA asUya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asfpAwI asf-pAwa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: astA asta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: aspfhA a-spfha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: asrapA asra-pa
Warning ahaMSreyas n ahaM-Sreyas: (noun iiyas) n
error@line: ahaMSreyas : S n : <MW=ahaM-Sreyas,31567,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ahicCattrA ahi-cCattra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ahiMsrA a-hiMsra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ahitA a-hita
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkANkzA A-kANkza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkAlikI AkAlika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkAraRA A-kAraRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkarzikA A-karzaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkarzaRI A-karzaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkarziRI A-karzin
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkrayA A-kraya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AkzikI Akzika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AKaRqalA A-KaRqala
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AKyAnakI A-KyAnaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AgnIDrA AgnIDra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AgneyI Agneya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AgneyEndrA AgneyEndra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AgrayaRI AgrayaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AgrahAyaRI AgrahAyaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AGawwanA A-Gawwana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AGarzaRI A-GarzaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ANgI ANga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ANgeyI ANgeya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ANgirasI ANgirasa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AcamanI A-camana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AcArI A-cAra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AcAryA AcArya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AcCedanI A-cCedana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AjA Aja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AjAnA A-jAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AjYAkarI A-jYA-kara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AYjanI AYjana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AQakI AQaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtiTeyI AtiTeya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtiTyA AtiTya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtmajA Atma-ja
Warning Atmata f Atma-ta: (noun a) f
error@line: Atmata : S f : <MW=Atma-ta,34117,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtmasamBavA Atma-samBava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtmodBavA AtmodBava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtmaneBAzA Atmane-BAza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AtreyI Atreya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: Adimattva Adi-mat
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AdyudAttatva Ady-udAtta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AdyA Adya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AdityA Aditya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ADmAnI A-DmAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AnandA A-nanda
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AnandaBEravI A-nanda-BErava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AnIlI A-nIla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AnDrI AnDra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AptA Apta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ApI Apa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ApadevI Apadeva
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ApyAyanI A-pyAyana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AbADA A-bADa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ABIrI ABIra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmantraRA A-mantraRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmiSraBUtatva A-miSra-BUta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmizI Amiza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmbazWyA AmbazWya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmrapAlI Amra-pAla
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AmrAtakI AmrAtaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AyatA A-yata
Warning Ayavas n Ayavas: (noun vas) n
error@line: Ayavas : S n : <MW=Ayavas,37073,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AyasI Ayasa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AyuHSezatA AyuH-Seza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AyogavI Ayogava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArA Ara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArakzA A-rakza
Warning AraRyamudga f AraRya-mudga: (noun a) f
error@line: AraRyamudga : S f : <MW=AraRya-mudga,37381,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AraBawI A-raBawa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AramBarucitA A-ramBa-ruci
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArADanA A-rADana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AruRI AruRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArogyA Arogya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArjIkIyA ArjIkIya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArtavI Artava
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArdrA Ardra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AryA Arya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AryikA Aryaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AryamaRI AryamaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArzI Arza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ArzaBI ArzaBa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AlApA A-lApa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AlambA A-lamba
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AleKanI A-leKana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AliNganA A-liNgana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AlukI Aluka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvantI Avanta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvantikA Avantika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvapanI A-vapana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvAhanI A-vAhana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvirmuKI Avir-muKa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvartA A-varta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvartakI A-vartaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvartanI A-vartana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvegI A-vega
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AvidDakarRI A-vidDa-karRa
Warning ASuSravas m ASu-Sravas: (noun vas) m
error@line: ASuSravas : S m : <MW=ASu-Sravas,39113,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ASrezA A-Sreza
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ASvayujI ASvayuja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ASvinI ASvina
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AzAQA AzAQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AzAQI AzAQa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AzAQikA AzAQaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AzwrA Azwra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AzwrI Azwra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsanA Asana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsanI Asana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsannataratA A-sanna-tara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsandI Asanda
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsecanI A-secana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsurI Asura
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsTAnI A-sTAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsPowanI A-sPowana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AsPotA A-sPota
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AhukI Ahuka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AhvA A-hva
s-file-init-helper WARNING: AhvAyikA AhvAyaka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ityA itya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: itvarI itvara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ikzuganDA ikzu-ganDa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ikzupattrI ikzu-pattra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ikzvAlikA ikzvAlika
s-file-init-helper WARNING: iNgA iNga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ijyA ijya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: iqaviqA iqa-viqa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: itarA i-tara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: itikaTA iti-kaTa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: idAnIMtanatva idAnIMtana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indIvarI indI-vara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indIvarA indI-vara
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indukAntA indu-kAnta
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indujA indu-ja
s-file-init-helper WARNING: induBA indu-Ba
s-file-init-helper WARNING: induvadanA indu-vadana
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indrA indra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indrI indra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indramArgA indra-mArga
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indravajrA indra-vajra
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indrasenA indra-sena
s-file-init-helper WARNING: indrAyuDA indrAyuDa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: iBI iBa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: iByA iBya
declension-general-1cons: unexpected : iyam F
Warning iyam f iyam: (noun 1cons) f
error@line: iyam : S f : <MW=iyam,41357,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ilavilA ilavila
s-file-init-helper WARNING: izIkA izIka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: izukA izuka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: izukA izuka
s-file-init-helper WARNING: izwA izwa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: IkzA Ikza
declension-general-1cons: unexpected : iiD F
Warning Iq f Iq: (noun 1cons) f
error@line: Iq : S f : <MW=Iq,41895,1>
s-file-init-helper WARNING: IrzyA Irzya
s-file-init-helper WARNING: IlinI Ilina
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ISA ISa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ISAnA ISAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ISAnI ISAna
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ISAnADipA ISAnADipa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: IzaRA IzaRa
s-file-init-helper WARNING: IhA Iha
s-file-init-helper WARNING: ukTA ukTa
t
(write-file "scratch-01.txt")
nil
(+ 2 2)
