akzyamARa pprp f: identical
akzyamARa pprp m: identical
akzyamARa pprp n: identical
aNgyamAna pprp f: identical
aNgyamAna pprp m: identical
aNgyamAna pprp n: identical
acyamAna pprp f: identical
acyamAna pprp m: identical
acyamAna pprp n: identical
ajyamAna pprp f: identical
ajyamAna pprp m: identical
ajyamAna pprp n: identical
awyamAna pprp f: identical
awyamAna pprp m: identical
awyamAna pprp n: identical
atyamAna pprp f: identical
atyamAna pprp m: identical
atyamAna pprp n: identical
adyamAna pprp f: identical
adyamAna pprp m: identical
adyamAna pprp n: identical
amyamAna pprp f: identical
amyamAna pprp m: identical
amyamAna pprp n: identical
arTyamAna pprp f: identical
arTyamAna pprp m: identical
arTyamAna pprp n: identical
ardyamAna pprp f: identical
ardyamAna pprp m: identical
ardyamAna pprp n: identical
aryamARa pprp f: identical
aryamARa pprp m: identical
aryamARa pprp n: identical
arhyamARa pprp f: identical
arhyamARa pprp m: identical
arhyamARa pprp n: identical
avyamAna pprp f: identical
avyamAna pprp m: identical
avyamAna pprp n: identical
aSyamAna pprp f: identical
aSyamAna pprp m: identical
aSyamAna pprp n: identical
asyamAna pprp f: identical
asyamAna pprp m: identical
asyamAna pprp n: identical
ApyamAna pprp f: identical
ApyamAna pprp m: identical
ApyamAna pprp n: identical
AsyamAna pprp f: identical
AsyamAna pprp m: identical
AsyamAna pprp n: identical
iNgyamAna pprp f: identical
iNgyamAna pprp m: identical
iNgyamAna pprp n: identical
ijyamAna pprp f: identical
ijyamAna pprp m: identical
ijyamAna pprp n: identical
iDyamAna pprp f: identical
iDyamAna pprp m: identical
iDyamAna pprp n: identical
indyamAna pprp f: identical
indyamAna pprp m: identical
indyamAna pprp n: identical
inyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
inyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
inyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
invyamAna pprp f: identical
invyamAna pprp m: identical
invyamAna pprp n: identical
ilyamAna pprp f: identical
ilyamAna pprp m: identical
ilyamAna pprp n: identical
izyamARa pprp f: identical
izyamARa pprp m: identical
izyamARa pprp n: identical
IkzyamARa pprp f: identical
IkzyamARa pprp m: identical
IkzyamARa pprp n: identical
INKyamAna pprp f: identical
INKyamAna pprp m: identical
INKyamAna pprp n: identical
IqyamAna pprp f: identical
IqyamAna pprp m: identical
IqyamAna pprp n: identical
IyamAna pprp f: identical
IyamAna pprp m: identical
IyamAna pprp n: identical
IryamARa pprp f: identical
IryamARa pprp m: identical
IryamARa pprp n: identical
IrzyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
IrzyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
IrzyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
IzyamARa pprp f: identical
IzyamARa pprp m: identical
IzyamARa pprp n: identical
IhyamAna pprp f: identical
IhyamAna pprp m: identical
IhyamAna pprp n: identical
ukzyamARa pprp f: identical
ukzyamARa pprp m: identical
ukzyamARa pprp n: identical
ucyamAna pprp f: identical
ucyamAna pprp m: identical
ucyamAna pprp n: identical
ujJyamAna pprp f: identical
ujJyamAna pprp m: identical
ujJyamAna pprp n: identical
uYCyamAna pprp f: identical
uYCyamAna pprp m: identical
uYCyamAna pprp n: identical
utkaRWyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
utkaRWyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
utkaRWyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
udyamAna pprp f: identical
udyamAna pprp m: identical
udyamAna pprp n: identical
upyamAna pprp f: identical
upyamAna pprp m: identical
upyamAna pprp n: identical
uByamAna pprp f: identical
uByamAna pprp m: identical
uByamAna pprp n: identical
uruzyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
uruzyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
uruzyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
uSyamAna pprp f: identical
uSyamAna pprp m: identical
uSyamAna pprp n: identical
uzyamARa pprp f: identical
uzyamARa pprp m: identical
uzyamARa pprp n: identical
uhyamAna pprp f: identical
uhyamAna pprp m: identical
uhyamAna pprp n: identical
UyamAna pprp f: identical
UyamAna pprp m: identical
UyamAna pprp n: identical
UhyamAna pprp f: identical
UhyamAna pprp m: identical
UhyamAna pprp n: identical
fcyamAna pprp f: identical
fcyamAna pprp m: identical
fcyamAna pprp n: identical
fjyamAna pprp f: identical
fjyamAna pprp m: identical
fjyamAna pprp n: identical
fDyamAna pprp f: identical
fDyamAna pprp m: identical
fDyamAna pprp n: identical
fzyamARa pprp f: identical
fzyamARa pprp m: identical
fzyamARa pprp n: identical
ejyamAna pprp f: identical
ejyamAna pprp m: identical
ejyamAna pprp n: identical
eDyamAna pprp f: identical
eDyamAna pprp m: identical
eDyamAna pprp n: identical
kaRqyamAna pprp f: identical
kaRqyamAna pprp m: identical
kaRqyamAna pprp n: identical
katTyamAna pprp f: identical
katTyamAna pprp m: identical
katTyamAna pprp n: identical
kaTyamAna pprp f: identical
kaTyamAna pprp m: identical
kaTyamAna pprp n: identical
kampyamAna pprp f: identical
kampyamAna pprp m: identical
kampyamAna pprp n: identical
kalyamAna pprp f: identical
kalyamAna pprp m: identical
kalyamAna pprp n: identical
kazyamARa pprp f: identical
kazyamARa pprp m: identical
kazyamARa pprp n: identical
kasyamAna pprp f: identical
kasyamAna pprp m: identical
kasyamAna pprp n: identical
kANkzyamARa pprp f: identical
kANkzyamARa pprp m: identical
kANkzyamARa pprp n: identical
kASyamAna pprp f: identical
kASyamAna pprp m: identical
kASyamAna pprp n: identical
kIrtyamAna pprp f: identical
kIrtyamAna pprp m: identical
kIrtyamAna pprp n: identical
kIryamARa pprp f: identical
kIryamARa pprp m: identical
kIryamARa pprp n: identical
kIlyamAna pprp f: identical
kIlyamAna pprp m: identical
kIlyamAna pprp n: identical
kucyamAna pprp f: identical
kucyamAna pprp m: identical
kucyamAna pprp n: identical
kuwyamAna pprp f: identical
kuwyamAna pprp m: identical
kuwyamAna pprp n: identical
kuRWyamAna pprp f: identical
kuRWyamAna pprp m: identical
kuRWyamAna pprp n: identical
kuRqyamAna pprp f: identical
kuRqyamAna pprp m: identical
kuRqyamAna pprp n: identical
kutsyamAna pprp f: identical
kutsyamAna pprp m: identical
kutsyamAna pprp n: identical
kunTyamAna pprp f: identical
kunTyamAna pprp m: identical
kunTyamAna pprp n: identical
kupyamAna pprp f: identical
kupyamAna pprp m: identical
kupyamAna pprp n: identical
kulyamAna pprp f: identical
kulyamAna pprp m: identical
kulyamAna pprp n: identical
kUjyamAna pprp f: identical
kUjyamAna pprp m: identical
kUjyamAna pprp n: identical
kftyamAna pprp f: identical
kftyamAna pprp m: identical
kftyamAna pprp n: identical
kfpyamARa pprp f: identical
kfpyamARa pprp m: identical
kfpyamARa pprp n: identical
kfSyamAna pprp f: identical
kfSyamAna pprp m: identical
kfSyamAna pprp n: identical
kfzyamARa pprp f: identical
kfzyamARa pprp m: identical
kfzyamARa pprp n: identical
krandyamAna pprp f: identical
krandyamAna pprp m: identical
krandyamAna pprp n: identical
kramyamARa pprp f: identical
kramyamARa pprp m: identical
kramyamARa pprp n: identical
kriyamARa pprp f: identical
kriyamARa pprp m: identical
kriyamARa pprp n: identical
krIqyamAna pprp f: identical
krIqyamAna pprp m: identical
krIqyamAna pprp n: identical
krIyamARa pprp f: identical
krIyamARa pprp m: identical
krIyamARa pprp n: identical
krucyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
krucyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
krucyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
kruDyamAna pprp f: identical
kruDyamAna pprp m: identical
kruDyamAna pprp n: identical
kruSyamAna pprp f: identical
kruSyamAna pprp m: identical
kruSyamAna pprp n: identical
klamyamAna pprp f: identical
klamyamAna pprp m: identical
klamyamAna pprp n: identical
klavyamAna pprp f: identical
klavyamAna pprp m: identical
klavyamAna pprp n: identical
klidyamAna pprp f: identical
klidyamAna pprp m: identical
klidyamAna pprp n: identical
kliSyamAna pprp f: identical
kliSyamAna pprp m: identical
kliSyamAna pprp n: identical
klIbayamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
klIbayamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
klIbayamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
kvaTyamAna pprp f: identical
kvaTyamAna pprp m: identical
kvaTyamAna pprp n: identical
kzadyamAna pprp f: identical
kzadyamAna pprp m: identical
kzadyamAna pprp n: identical
kzanyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
kzanyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
kzanyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
kzapyamARa pprp f: identical
kzapyamARa pprp m: identical
kzapyamARa pprp n: identical
kzamyamARa pprp f: identical
kzamyamARa pprp m: identical
kzamyamARa pprp n: identical
kzaryamARa pprp f: identical
kzaryamARa pprp m: identical
kzaryamARa pprp n: identical
kzipyamARa pprp f: identical
kzipyamARa pprp m: identical
kzipyamARa pprp n: identical
kzIyamARa pprp f: identical
kzIyamARa pprp m: identical
kzIyamARa pprp n: identical
kzudyamAna pprp f: identical
kzudyamAna pprp m: identical
kzudyamAna pprp n: identical
kzuDyamAna pprp f: identical
kzuDyamAna pprp m: identical
kzuDyamAna pprp n: identical
kzuByamARa pprp f: identical
kzuByamARa pprp m: identical
kzuByamARa pprp n: identical
kzuyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
kzuyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
kzuyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
kzviqyamAna pprp f: identical
kzviqyamAna pprp m: identical
kzviqyamAna pprp n: identical
KanyamAna pprp f: identical
KanyamAna pprp m: identical
KanyamAna pprp n: identical
KAdyamAna pprp f: identical
KAdyamAna pprp m: identical
KAdyamAna pprp n: identical
KidyamAna pprp f: identical
KidyamAna pprp m: identical
KidyamAna pprp n: identical
KIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
KIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
KIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
KelyamAna pprp f: identical
KelyamAna pprp m: identical
KelyamAna pprp n: identical
gajyamAna pprp f: identical
gajyamAna pprp m: identical
gajyamAna pprp n: identical
gaRyamAna pprp f: identical
gaRyamAna pprp m: identical
gaRyamAna pprp n: identical
gadyamAna pprp f: identical
gadyamAna pprp m: identical
gadyamAna pprp n: identical
gamyamAna pprp f: identical
gamyamAna pprp m: identical
gamyamAna pprp n: identical
garjyamAna pprp f: identical
garjyamAna pprp m: identical
garjyamAna pprp n: identical
gardyamAna pprp f: identical
gardyamAna pprp m: identical
gardyamAna pprp n: identical
garhyamARa pprp f: identical
garhyamARa pprp m: identical
garhyamARa pprp n: identical
galByamAna pprp f: identical
galByamAna pprp m: identical
galByamAna pprp n: identical
galyamAna pprp f: identical
galyamAna pprp m: identical
galyamAna pprp n: identical
gavezyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
gavezyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
gavezyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
gAhyamAna pprp f: identical
gAhyamAna pprp m: identical
gAhyamAna pprp n: identical
gIyamAna pprp f: identical
gIyamAna pprp m: identical
gIyamAna pprp n: identical
gIryamARa pprp f: identical
gIryamARa pprp m: identical
gIryamARa pprp n: identical
gujyamAna pprp f: identical
gujyamAna pprp m: identical
gujyamAna pprp n: identical
guPyamAna pprp f: identical
guPyamAna pprp m: identical
guPyamAna pprp n: identical
guryamARa pprp f: identical
guryamARa pprp m: identical
guryamARa pprp n: identical
guhyamAna pprp f: identical
guhyamAna pprp m: identical
guhyamAna pprp n: identical
gfDyamAna pprp f: identical
gfDyamAna pprp m: identical
gfDyamAna pprp n: identical
gfhyamARa pprp f: identical
gfhyamARa pprp m: identical
gfhyamARa pprp n: identical
gopyamAna pprp f: identical
gopyamAna pprp m: identical
gopyamAna pprp n: identical
graTyamAna pprp f: identical
graTyamAna pprp m: identical
graTyamAna pprp n: identical
grasyamAna pprp f: identical
grasyamAna pprp m: identical
grasyamAna pprp n: identical
glIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
glIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
glIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
GawwyamAna pprp f: identical
GawwyamAna pprp m: identical
GawwyamAna pprp n: identical
GawyamAna pprp f: identical
GawyamAna pprp m: identical
GawyamAna pprp n: identical
GuzyamARa pprp f: identical
GuzyamARa pprp m: identical
GuzyamARa pprp n: identical
GUrRyamAna pprp f: identical
GUrRyamAna pprp m: identical
GUrRyamAna pprp n: identical
GfzyamARa pprp f: identical
GfzyamARa pprp m: identical
GfzyamARa pprp n: identical
GriyamARa pprp f: identical
GriyamARa pprp m: identical
GriyamARa pprp n: identical
GrIyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
GrIyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
GrIyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
cakAsyamAna pprp f: identical
cakAsyamAna pprp m: identical
cakAsyamAna pprp n: identical
cakzyamARa pprp f: identical
cakzyamARa pprp m: identical
cakzyamARa pprp n: identical
cacyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
cacyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
cacyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
cawyamAna pprp f: identical
cawyamAna pprp m: identical
cawyamAna pprp n: identical
catyamAna pprp f: identical
catyamAna pprp m: identical
catyamAna pprp n: identical
candyamAna pprp f: identical
candyamAna pprp m: identical
candyamAna pprp n: identical
camyamAna pprp f: identical
camyamAna pprp m: identical
camyamAna pprp n: identical
caryamARa pprp f: identical
caryamARa pprp m: identical
caryamARa pprp n: identical
calyamAna pprp f: identical
calyamAna pprp m: identical
calyamAna pprp n: identical
cityamAna pprp f: identical
cityamAna pprp m: identical
cityamAna pprp n: identical
cIyamAna pprp f: identical
cIyamAna pprp m: identical
cIyamAna pprp n: identical
cudyamAna pprp f: identical
cudyamAna pprp m: identical
cudyamAna pprp n: identical
cumbyamAna pprp f: identical
cumbyamAna pprp m: identical
cumbyamAna pprp n: identical
curyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
curyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
curyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
cUzyamARa pprp f: identical
cUzyamARa pprp m: identical
cUzyamARa pprp n: identical
cezwyamAna pprp f: identical
cezwyamAna pprp m: identical
cezwyamAna pprp n: identical
coryamARa pprp f: identical
coryamARa pprp m: identical
coryamARa pprp n: identical
cyUyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
cyUyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
cyUyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
CadyamAna pprp f: identical
CadyamAna pprp m: identical
CadyamAna pprp n: identical
CandyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
CandyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
CandyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
CidyamAna pprp f: identical
CidyamAna pprp m: identical
CidyamAna pprp n: identical
jakzyamARa pprp f: identical
jakzyamARa pprp m: identical
jakzyamARa pprp n: identical
janyamAna pprp f: identical
janyamAna pprp m: identical
janyamAna pprp n: identical
japyamAna pprp f: identical
japyamAna pprp m: identical
japyamAna pprp n: identical
jaByamAna pprp f: identical
jaByamAna pprp m: identical
jaByamAna pprp n: identical
jamyamAna pprp f: identical
jamyamAna pprp m: identical
jamyamAna pprp n: identical
jalpyamAna pprp f: identical
jalpyamAna pprp m: identical
jalpyamAna pprp n: identical
jasyamAna pprp f: identical
jasyamAna pprp m: identical
jasyamAna pprp n: identical
jAgaryamARa pprp f: identical
jAgaryamARa pprp m: identical
jAgaryamARa pprp n: identical
jinvyamAna pprp f: identical
jinvyamAna pprp m: identical
jinvyamAna pprp n: identical
jIyamAna pprp f: identical
jIyamAna pprp m: identical
jIyamAna pprp n: identical
jIryamARa pprp f: identical
jIryamARa pprp m: identical
jIryamARa pprp n: identical
jIvyamAna pprp f: identical
jIvyamAna pprp m: identical
jIvyamAna pprp n: identical
juzyamARa pprp f: identical
juzyamARa pprp m: identical
juzyamARa pprp n: identical
jUyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
jUyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
jUyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
jfmByamARa pprp f: identical
jfmByamARa pprp m: identical
jfmByamARa pprp n: identical
jYAyamAna pprp f: identical
jYAyamAna pprp m: identical
jYAyamAna pprp n: identical
jyutyamAna pprp f: identical
jyutyamAna pprp m: identical
jyutyamAna pprp n: identical
jvaryamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
jvaryamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
jvaryamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
jvalyamAna pprp f: identical
jvalyamAna pprp m: identical
jvalyamAna pprp n: identical
qambyamAna pprp f: identical
qambyamAna pprp m: identical
qambyamAna pprp n: identical
qIyamAna pprp f: identical
qIyamAna pprp m: identical
qIyamAna pprp n: identical
takyamAna pprp f: identical
takyamAna pprp m: identical
takyamAna pprp n: identical
takzyamARa pprp f: identical
takzyamARa pprp m: identical
takzyamARa pprp n: identical
tacyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
tacyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
tacyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
tandryamARa pprp f: identical
tandryamARa pprp m: identical
tandryamARa pprp n: identical
tanyamAna pprp f: identical
tanyamAna pprp m: identical
tanyamAna pprp n: identical
tapyamAna pprp f: identical
tapyamAna pprp m: identical
tapyamAna pprp n: identical
tamyamAna pprp f: identical
tamyamAna pprp m: identical
tamyamAna pprp n: identical
tarkyamARa pprp f: identical
tarkyamARa pprp m: identical
tarkyamARa pprp n: identical
tarjyamAna pprp f: identical
tarjyamAna pprp m: identical
tarjyamAna pprp n: identical
tijyamAna pprp f: identical
tijyamAna pprp m: identical
tijyamAna pprp n: identical
tIryamARa pprp f: identical
tIryamARa pprp m: identical
tIryamARa pprp n: identical
tudyamAna pprp f: identical
tudyamAna pprp m: identical
tudyamAna pprp n: identical
tupyamAna pprp f: identical
tupyamAna pprp m: identical
tupyamAna pprp n: identical
tuzyamARa pprp f: identical
tuzyamARa pprp m: identical
tuzyamARa pprp n: identical
tfdyamAna pprp f: identical
tfdyamAna pprp m: identical
tfdyamAna pprp n: identical
tfpyamARa pprp f: identical
tfpyamARa pprp m: identical
tfpyamARa pprp n: identical
tfzyamARa pprp f: identical
tfzyamARa pprp m: identical
tfzyamARa pprp n: identical
tyajyamAna pprp f: identical
tyajyamAna pprp m: identical
tyajyamAna pprp n: identical
trapyamARa pprp f: identical
trapyamARa pprp m: identical
trapyamARa pprp n: identical
trasyamAna pprp f: identical
trasyamAna pprp m: identical
trasyamAna pprp n: identical
trIyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
trIyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
trIyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
truwyamAna pprp f: identical
truwyamAna pprp m: identical
truwyamAna pprp n: identical
tvakzyamARa pprp f: identical
tvakzyamARa pprp m: identical
tvakzyamARa pprp n: identical
tvaryamARa pprp f: identical
tvaryamARa pprp m: identical
tvaryamARa pprp n: identical
tvizyamARa pprp f: identical
tvizyamARa pprp m: identical
tvizyamARa pprp n: identical
tsaryamARa pprp f: identical
tsaryamARa pprp m: identical
tsaryamARa pprp n: identical
dakzyamARa pprp f: identical
dakzyamARa pprp m: identical
dakzyamARa pprp n: identical
daGyamAna pprp f: identical
daGyamAna pprp m: identical
daGyamAna pprp n: identical
daByamAna pprp f: identical
daByamAna pprp m: identical
daByamAna pprp n: identical
damyamAna pprp f: identical
damyamAna pprp m: identical
damyamAna pprp n: identical
dayyamAna pprp f: identical
dayyamAna pprp m: identical
dayyamAna pprp n: identical
dalyamAna pprp f: identical
dalyamAna pprp m: identical
dalyamAna pprp n: identical
daSyamAna pprp f: identical
daSyamAna pprp m: identical
daSyamAna pprp n: identical
dasyamAna pprp f: identical
dasyamAna pprp m: identical
dasyamAna pprp n: identical
dahyamAna pprp f: identical
dahyamAna pprp m: identical
dahyamAna pprp n: identical
dASyamAna pprp f: identical
dASyamAna pprp m: identical
dASyamAna pprp n: identical
diSyamAna pprp f: identical
diSyamAna pprp m: identical
diSyamAna pprp n: identical
dihyamAna pprp f: identical
dihyamAna pprp m: identical
dihyamAna pprp n: identical
dIkzyamARa pprp f: identical
dIkzyamARa pprp m: identical
dIkzyamARa pprp n: identical
dIpyamAna pprp f: identical
dIpyamAna pprp m: identical
dIpyamAna pprp n: identical
dIyamAna pprp f: identical
dIyamAna pprp m: identical
dIyamAna pprp n: identical
dIryamARa pprp f: identical
dIryamARa pprp m: identical
dIryamARa pprp n: identical
dIvyamAna pprp f: identical
dIvyamAna pprp m: identical
dIvyamAna pprp n: identical
duzyamARa pprp f: identical
duzyamARa pprp m: identical
duzyamARa pprp n: identical
duhyamAna pprp f: identical
duhyamAna pprp m: identical
duhyamAna pprp n: identical
dUyamAna pprp f: identical
dUyamAna pprp m: identical
dUyamAna pprp n: identical
dfpyamARa pprp f: identical
dfpyamARa pprp m: identical
dfpyamARa pprp n: identical
dfByamARa pprp f: identical
dfByamARa pprp m: identical
dfByamARa pprp n: identical
dfSyamAna pprp f: identical
dfSyamAna pprp m: identical
dfSyamAna pprp n: identical
dfhyamARa pprp f: identical
dfhyamARa pprp m: identical
dfhyamARa pprp n: identical
devyamAna pprp f: identical
devyamAna pprp m: identical
devyamAna pprp n: identical
drIyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
drIyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
drIyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
druhyamARa pprp f: identical
druhyamARa pprp m: identical
druhyamARa pprp n: identical
dvizyamARa pprp f: identical
dvizyamARa pprp m: identical
dvizyamARa pprp n: identical
DamyamAna pprp f: identical
DamyamAna pprp m: identical
DamyamAna pprp n: identical
DAvyamAna pprp f: identical
DAvyamAna pprp m: identical
DAvyamAna pprp n: identical
DIyamAna pprp f: identical
DIyamAna pprp m: identical
DIyamAna pprp n: identical
DukzyamARa pprp f: identical
DukzyamARa pprp m: identical
DukzyamARa pprp n: identical
DUyamAna pprp f: identical
DUyamAna pprp m: identical
DUyamAna pprp n: identical
DfzyamARa pprp f: identical
DfzyamARa pprp m: identical
DfzyamARa pprp n: identical
DriyamARa pprp f: identical
DriyamARa pprp m: identical
DriyamARa pprp n: identical
DrUyamARa pprp f: identical
DrUyamARa pprp m: identical
DrUyamARa pprp n: identical
DvanyamAna pprp f: identical
DvanyamAna pprp m: identical
DvanyamAna pprp n: identical
DvaryamARa pprp f: identical
DvaryamARa pprp m: identical
DvaryamARa pprp n: identical
DvasyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
DvasyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
DvasyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
DvANkzyamARa pprp f: identical
DvANkzyamARa pprp m: identical
DvANkzyamARa pprp n: identical
nakzyamARa pprp f: identical
nakzyamARa pprp m: identical
nakzyamARa pprp n: identical
nawyamAna pprp f: identical
nawyamAna pprp m: identical
nawyamAna pprp n: identical
nadyamAna pprp f: identical
nadyamAna pprp m: identical
nadyamAna pprp n: identical
nandyamAna pprp f: identical
nandyamAna pprp m: identical
nandyamAna pprp n: identical
namyamAna pprp f: identical
namyamAna pprp m: identical
namyamAna pprp n: identical
nardyamAna pprp f: identical
nardyamAna pprp m: identical
nardyamAna pprp n: identical
naSyamAna pprp f: identical
naSyamAna pprp m: identical
naSyamAna pprp n: identical
nahyamAna pprp f: identical
nahyamAna pprp m: identical
nahyamAna pprp n: identical
nATyamAna pprp f: identical
nATyamAna pprp m: identical
nATyamAna pprp n: identical
nijyamAna pprp f: identical
nijyamAna pprp m: identical
nijyamAna pprp n: identical
nindyamAna pprp f: identical
nindyamAna pprp m: identical
nindyamAna pprp n: identical
nIyamAna pprp f: identical
nIyamAna pprp m: identical
nIyamAna pprp n: identical
nudyamAna pprp f: identical
nudyamAna pprp m: identical
nudyamAna pprp n: identical
nUyamAna pprp f: identical
nUyamAna pprp m: identical
nUyamAna pprp n: identical
nftyamAna pprp f: identical
nftyamAna pprp m: identical
nftyamAna pprp n: identical
pacyamAna pprp f: identical
pacyamAna pprp m: identical
pacyamAna pprp n: identical
pawyamAna pprp f: identical
pawyamAna pprp m: identical
pawyamAna pprp n: identical
paWyamAna pprp f: identical
paWyamAna pprp m: identical
paWyamAna pprp n: identical
paRyamAna pprp f: identical
paRyamAna pprp m: identical
paRyamAna pprp n: identical
patyamAna pprp f: identical
patyamAna pprp m: identical
patyamAna pprp n: identical
paTyamAna pprp f: identical
paTyamAna pprp m: identical
paTyamAna pprp n: identical
padyamAna pprp f: identical
padyamAna pprp m: identical
padyamAna pprp n: identical
parTyamAna pprp f: identical
parTyamAna pprp m: identical
parTyamAna pprp n: identical
palAyyamAna pprp f: identical
palAyyamAna pprp m: identical
palAyyamAna pprp n: identical
pijyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
pijyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
pijyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
piSyamAna pprp f: identical
piSyamAna pprp m: identical
piSyamAna pprp n: identical
pizyamARa pprp f: identical
pizyamARa pprp m: identical
pizyamARa pprp n: identical
pIqyamAna pprp f: identical
pIqyamAna pprp m: identical
pIqyamAna pprp n: identical
pIyamAna pprp f: identical
pIyamAna pprp m: identical
pIyamAna pprp n: identical
puTyamAna pprp f: identical
puTyamAna pprp m: identical
puTyamAna pprp n: identical
puzyamARa pprp f: identical
puzyamARa pprp m: identical
puzyamARa pprp n: identical
pUjyamAna pprp f: identical
pUjyamAna pprp m: identical
pUjyamAna pprp n: identical
pUyamAna pprp f: identical
pUyamAna pprp m: identical
pUyamAna pprp n: identical
pUyyamAna pprp f: identical
pUyyamAna pprp m: identical
pUyyamAna pprp n: identical
pUryamARa pprp f: identical
pUryamARa pprp m: identical
pUryamARa pprp n: identical
pUlayamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
pUlayamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
pUlayamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
pfcCyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
pfcCyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
pfcCyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
pfcyamAna pprp f: identical
pfcyamAna pprp m: identical
pfcyamAna pprp n: identical
pfzyamARa pprp f: identical
pfzyamARa pprp m: identical
pfzyamARa pprp n: identical
pyAyyamAna pprp f: identical
pyAyyamAna pprp m: identical
pyAyyamAna pprp n: identical
praTyamAna pprp f: identical
praTyamAna pprp m: identical
praTyamAna pprp n: identical
priyamARa pprp f: identical
priyamARa pprp m: identical
priyamARa pprp n: identical
prIyamARa pprp f: identical
prIyamARa pprp m: identical
prIyamARa pprp n: identical
prUyamARa pprp f: identical
prUyamARa pprp m: identical
prUyamARa pprp n: identical
pluyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
pluyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
pluyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
pluzyamARa pprp f: identical
pluzyamARa pprp m: identical
pluzyamARa pprp n: identical
PalyamAna pprp f: identical
PalyamAna pprp m: identical
PalyamAna pprp n: identical
PullyamAna pprp f: identical
PullyamAna pprp m: identical
PullyamAna pprp n: identical
baDyamAna pprp f: identical
baDyamAna pprp m: identical
baDyamAna pprp n: identical
balyamAna pprp f: identical
balyamAna pprp m: identical
balyamAna pprp n: identical
bahyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
bahyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
bahyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
bADyamAna pprp f: identical
bADyamAna pprp m: identical
bADyamAna pprp n: identical
buDyamAna pprp f: identical
buDyamAna pprp m: identical
buDyamAna pprp n: identical
bfhyamARa pprp f: identical
bfhyamARa pprp m: identical
bfhyamARa pprp n: identical
brUyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
brUyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
brUyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
BakzyamARa pprp f: identical
BakzyamARa pprp m: identical
BakzyamARa pprp n: identical
BajyamAna pprp f: identical
BajyamAna pprp m: identical
BajyamAna pprp n: identical
BaRqyamAna pprp f: identical
BaRqyamAna pprp m: identical
BaRqyamAna pprp n: identical
BaRyamAna pprp f: identical
BaRyamAna pprp m: identical
BaRyamAna pprp n: identical
BandyamAna pprp f: identical
BandyamAna pprp m: identical
BandyamAna pprp n: identical
BartsyamAna pprp f: identical
BartsyamAna pprp m: identical
BartsyamAna pprp n: identical
BazyamARa pprp f: identical
BazyamARa pprp m: identical
BazyamARa pprp n: identical
BasyamAna pprp f: identical
BasyamAna pprp m: identical
BasyamAna pprp n: identical
BAyamAna pprp f: identical
BAyamAna pprp m: identical
BAyamAna pprp n: identical
BAzyamARa pprp f: identical
BAzyamARa pprp m: identical
BAzyamARa pprp n: identical
BAsyamAna pprp f: identical
BAsyamAna pprp m: identical
BAsyamAna pprp n: identical
BidyamAna pprp f: identical
BidyamAna pprp m: identical
BidyamAna pprp n: identical
BIyamAna pprp f: identical
BIyamAna pprp m: identical
BIyamAna pprp n: identical
BujyamAna pprp f: identical
BujyamAna pprp m: identical
BujyamAna pprp n: identical
BUyamAna pprp f: identical
BUyamAna pprp m: identical
BUyamAna pprp n: identical
BUzyamARa pprp f: identical
BUzyamARa pprp m: identical
BUzyamARa pprp n: identical
BfjjyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
BfjjyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
BfjjyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
BramyamARa pprp f: identical
BramyamARa pprp m: identical
BramyamARa pprp n: identical
BraSyamAna pprp f: identical
BraSyamAna pprp m: identical
BraSyamAna pprp n: identical
BrAjyamAna pprp f: identical
BrAjyamAna pprp m: identical
BrAjyamAna pprp n: identical
BriyamARa pprp f: identical
BriyamARa pprp m: identical
BriyamARa pprp n: identical
majjyamAna pprp f: identical
majjyamAna pprp m: identical
majjyamAna pprp n: identical
maRqyamAna pprp f: identical
maRqyamAna pprp m: identical
maRqyamAna pprp n: identical
maTyamAna pprp f: identical
maTyamAna pprp m: identical
maTyamAna pprp n: identical
madyamAna pprp f: identical
madyamAna pprp m: identical
madyamAna pprp n: identical
mandyamAna pprp f: identical
mandyamAna pprp m: identical
mandyamAna pprp n: identical
manyamAna pprp f: identical
manyamAna pprp m: identical
manyamAna pprp n: identical
marqyamAna pprp f: identical
marqyamAna pprp m: identical
marqyamAna pprp n: identical
mahyamAna pprp f: identical
mahyamAna pprp m: identical
mahyamAna pprp n: identical
mArgyamARa pprp f: identical
mArgyamARa pprp m: identical
mArgyamARa pprp n: identical
miTyamAna pprp f: identical
miTyamAna pprp m: identical
miTyamAna pprp n: identical
midyamAna pprp f: identical
midyamAna pprp m: identical
midyamAna pprp n: identical
milyamAna pprp f: identical
milyamAna pprp m: identical
milyamAna pprp n: identical
mizyamARa pprp f: identical
mizyamARa pprp m: identical
mizyamARa pprp n: identical
mihyamAna pprp f: identical
mihyamAna pprp m: identical
mihyamAna pprp n: identical
mIyamAna pprp f: identical
mIyamAna pprp m: identical
mIyamAna pprp n: identical
mIlyamAna pprp f: identical
mIlyamAna pprp m: identical
mIlyamAna pprp n: identical
mucyamAna pprp f: identical
mucyamAna pprp m: identical
mucyamAna pprp n: identical
mudyamAna pprp f: identical
mudyamAna pprp m: identical
mudyamAna pprp n: identical
muzyamARa pprp f: identical
muzyamARa pprp m: identical
muzyamARa pprp n: identical
muhyamAna pprp f: identical
muhyamAna pprp m: identical
muhyamAna pprp n: identical
mUrCyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
mUrCyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
mUrCyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
mUzyamARa pprp f: identical
mUzyamARa pprp m: identical
mUzyamARa pprp n: identical
mfjyamAna pprp f: identical
mfjyamAna pprp m: identical
mfjyamAna pprp n: identical
mfqyamAna pprp f: identical
mfqyamAna pprp m: identical
mfqyamAna pprp n: identical
mfdyamAna pprp f: identical
mfdyamAna pprp m: identical
mfdyamAna pprp n: identical
mfDyamAna pprp f: identical
mfDyamAna pprp m: identical
mfDyamAna pprp n: identical
mfSyamAna pprp f: identical
mfSyamAna pprp m: identical
mfSyamAna pprp n: identical
mfzyamARa pprp f: identical
mfzyamARa pprp m: identical
mfzyamARa pprp n: identical
medyamAna pprp f: identical
medyamAna pprp m: identical
medyamAna pprp n: identical
mokzyamARa pprp f: identical
mokzyamARa pprp m: identical
mokzyamARa pprp n: identical
mnAyamAna pprp f: identical
mnAyamAna pprp m: identical
mnAyamAna pprp n: identical
mriyamARa pprp f: identical
mriyamARa pprp m: identical
mriyamARa pprp n: identical
mlIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
mlIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
mlIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
mlecCyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
mlecCyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
mlecCyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
yatyamAna pprp f: identical
yatyamAna pprp m: identical
yatyamAna pprp n: identical
yaByamAna pprp f: identical
yaByamAna pprp m: identical
yaByamAna pprp n: identical
yamyamAna pprp f: identical
yamyamAna pprp m: identical
yamyamAna pprp n: identical
yasyamAna pprp f: identical
yasyamAna pprp m: identical
yasyamAna pprp n: identical
yAcyamAna pprp f: identical
yAcyamAna pprp m: identical
yAcyamAna pprp n: identical
yujyamAna pprp f: identical
yujyamAna pprp m: identical
yujyamAna pprp n: identical
yuDyamAna pprp f: identical
yuDyamAna pprp m: identical
yuDyamAna pprp n: identical
yUyamAna pprp f: identical
yUyamAna pprp m: identical
yUyamAna pprp n: identical
raMhyamARa pprp f: identical
raMhyamARa pprp m: identical
raMhyamARa pprp n: identical
rakzyamARa pprp f: identical
rakzyamARa pprp m: identical
rakzyamARa pprp n: identical
racyamAna pprp f: identical
racyamAna pprp m: identical
racyamAna pprp n: identical
rajyamAna pprp f: identical
rajyamAna pprp m: identical
rajyamAna pprp n: identical
raRyamAna pprp f: identical
raRyamAna pprp m: identical
raRyamAna pprp n: identical
radyamAna pprp f: identical
radyamAna pprp m: identical
radyamAna pprp n: identical
raDyamAna pprp f: identical
raDyamAna pprp m: identical
raDyamAna pprp n: identical
raByamARa pprp f: identical
raByamARa pprp m: identical
raByamARa pprp n: identical
ramyamARa pprp f: identical
ramyamARa pprp m: identical
ramyamARa pprp n: identical
rahyamARa pprp f: identical
rahyamARa pprp m: identical
rahyamARa pprp n: identical
rAjyamAna pprp f: identical
rAjyamAna pprp m: identical
rAjyamAna pprp n: identical
rADyamAna pprp f: identical
rADyamAna pprp m: identical
rADyamAna pprp n: identical
ricyamAna pprp f: identical
ricyamAna pprp m: identical
ricyamAna pprp n: identical
rizyamARa pprp f: identical
rizyamARa pprp m: identical
rizyamARa pprp n: identical
rIyamARa pprp f: identical
rIyamARa pprp m: identical
rIyamARa pprp n: identical
rujyamAna pprp f: identical
rujyamAna pprp m: identical
rujyamAna pprp n: identical
rudyamAna pprp f: identical
rudyamAna pprp m: identical
rudyamAna pprp n: identical
ruDyamAna pprp f: identical
ruDyamAna pprp m: identical
ruDyamAna pprp n: identical
ruzyamARa pprp f: identical
ruzyamARa pprp m: identical
ruzyamARa pprp n: identical
ruhyamARa pprp f: identical
ruhyamARa pprp m: identical
ruhyamARa pprp n: identical
rUpyamARa pprp f: identical
rUpyamARa pprp m: identical
rUpyamARa pprp n: identical
rUyamARa pprp f: identical
rUyamARa pprp m: identical
rUyamARa pprp n: identical
lakzyamARa pprp f: identical
lakzyamARa pprp m: identical
lakzyamARa pprp n: identical
lagyamAna pprp f: identical
lagyamAna pprp m: identical
lagyamAna pprp n: identical
laNgyamAna pprp f: identical
laNgyamAna pprp m: identical
laNgyamAna pprp n: identical
laNGyamAna pprp f: identical
laNGyamAna pprp m: identical
laNGyamAna pprp n: identical
lajjyamAna pprp f: identical
lajjyamAna pprp m: identical
lajjyamAna pprp n: identical
lapyamAna pprp f: identical
lapyamAna pprp m: identical
lapyamAna pprp n: identical
laByamAna pprp f: identical
laByamAna pprp m: identical
laByamAna pprp n: identical
lambyamAna pprp f: identical
lambyamAna pprp m: identical
lambyamAna pprp n: identical
lalyamAna pprp f: identical
lalyamAna pprp m: identical
lalyamAna pprp n: identical
lazyamARa pprp f: identical
lazyamARa pprp m: identical
lazyamARa pprp n: identical
lasyamAna pprp f: identical
lasyamAna pprp m: identical
lasyamAna pprp n: identical
lAYCyamAna pprp f: identical
lAYCyamAna pprp m: identical
lAYCyamAna pprp n: identical
liKyamAna pprp f: identical
liKyamAna pprp m: identical
liKyamAna pprp n: identical
lipyamAna pprp f: identical
lipyamAna pprp m: identical
lipyamAna pprp n: identical
liSyamAna pprp f: identical
liSyamAna pprp m: identical
liSyamAna pprp n: identical
lihyamAna pprp f: identical
lihyamAna pprp m: identical
lihyamAna pprp n: identical
lIyamAna pprp f: identical
lIyamAna pprp m: identical
lIyamAna pprp n: identical
lucyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
lucyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
lucyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
luWyamAna pprp f: identical
luWyamAna pprp m: identical
luWyamAna pprp n: identical
luRWyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
luRWyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
luRWyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
lupyamAna pprp f: identical
lupyamAna pprp m: identical
lupyamAna pprp n: identical
luByamAna pprp f: identical
luByamAna pprp m: identical
luByamAna pprp n: identical
lulyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
lulyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
lulyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
lUyamAna pprp f: identical
lUyamAna pprp m: identical
lUyamAna pprp n: identical
leleyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
leleyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
leleyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
lokyamAna pprp f: identical
lokyamAna pprp m: identical
lokyamAna pprp n: identical
locyamAna pprp f: identical
locyamAna pprp m: identical
locyamAna pprp n: identical
vacyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
vacyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
vacyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
vandyamAna pprp f: identical
vandyamAna pprp m: identical
vandyamAna pprp n: identical
vanyamAna pprp f: identical
vanyamAna pprp m: identical
vanyamAna pprp n: identical
vamyamAna pprp f: identical
vamyamAna pprp m: identical
vamyamAna pprp n: identical
valgyamAna pprp f: identical
valgyamAna pprp m: identical
valgyamAna pprp n: identical
valyamAna pprp f: identical
valyamAna pprp m: identical
valyamAna pprp n: identical
vasyamAna pprp f: identical
vasyamAna pprp m: identical
vasyamAna pprp n: identical
vAYCyamAna pprp f: identical
vAYCyamAna pprp m: identical
vAYCyamAna pprp n: identical
vASyamAna pprp f: identical
vASyamAna pprp m: identical
vASyamAna pprp n: identical
vicyamAna pprp f: identical
vicyamAna pprp m: identical
vicyamAna pprp n: identical
vijyamAna pprp f: identical
vijyamAna pprp m: identical
vijyamAna pprp n: identical
vidyamAna pprp f: identical
vidyamAna pprp m: identical
vidyamAna pprp n: identical
viDyamAna pprp f: identical
viDyamAna pprp m: identical
viDyamAna pprp n: identical
viSyamAna pprp f: identical
viSyamAna pprp m: identical
viSyamAna pprp n: identical
vizyamARa pprp f: identical
vizyamARa pprp m: identical
vizyamARa pprp n: identical
vIjyamAna pprp f: identical
vIjyamAna pprp m: identical
vIjyamAna pprp n: identical
vIyamAna pprp f: identical
vIyamAna pprp m: identical
vIyamAna pprp n: identical
vfjyamAna pprp f: identical
vfjyamAna pprp m: identical
vfjyamAna pprp n: identical
vftyamAna pprp f: identical
vftyamAna pprp m: identical
vftyamAna pprp n: identical
vfDyamAna pprp f: identical
vfDyamAna pprp m: identical
vfDyamAna pprp n: identical
vfScyamAna pprp f: identical
vfScyamAna pprp m: identical
vfScyamAna pprp n: identical
vfzyamARa pprp f: identical
vfzyamARa pprp m: identical
vfzyamARa pprp n: identical
vfhyamARa pprp f: identical
vfhyamARa pprp m: identical
vfhyamARa pprp n: identical
venyamAna pprp f: identical
venyamAna pprp m: identical
venyamAna pprp n: identical
vezwyamAna pprp f: identical
vezwyamAna pprp m: identical
vezwyamAna pprp n: identical
vyaTyamAna pprp f: identical
vyaTyamAna pprp m: identical
vyaTyamAna pprp n: identical
vrajyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
vrajyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
vrajyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
vriyamARa pprp f: identical
vriyamARa pprp m: identical
vriyamARa pprp n: identical
vrIqyamAna pprp f: identical
vrIqyamAna pprp m: identical
vrIqyamAna pprp n: identical
SakyamAna pprp f: identical
SakyamAna pprp m: identical
SakyamAna pprp n: identical
SaNkyamAna pprp f: identical
SaNkyamAna pprp m: identical
SaNkyamAna pprp n: identical
SadyamAna pprp f: identical
SadyamAna pprp m: identical
SadyamAna pprp n: identical
SapyamAna pprp f: identical
SapyamAna pprp m: identical
SapyamAna pprp n: identical
SamyamAna pprp f: identical
SamyamAna pprp m: identical
SamyamAna pprp n: identical
SayyamAna pprp f: identical
SayyamAna pprp m: identical
SayyamAna pprp n: identical
SalyamAna pprp f: identical
SalyamAna pprp m: identical
SalyamAna pprp n: identical
SaSyamAna pprp f: identical
SaSyamAna pprp m: identical
SaSyamAna pprp n: identical
SasyamAna pprp f: identical
SasyamAna pprp m: identical
SasyamAna pprp n: identical
SAyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
SAyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
SAyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
SikzyamARa pprp f: identical
SikzyamARa pprp m: identical
SikzyamARa pprp n: identical
SizyamARa pprp f: identical
SizyamARa pprp m: identical
SizyamARa pprp n: identical
SIyamAna pprp f: identical
SIyamAna pprp m: identical
SIyamAna pprp n: identical
SIryamARa pprp f: identical
SIryamARa pprp m: identical
SIryamARa pprp n: identical
SIlyamAna pprp f: identical
SIlyamAna pprp m: identical
SIlyamAna pprp n: identical
SucyamAna pprp f: identical
SucyamAna pprp m: identical
SucyamAna pprp n: identical
SuDyamAna pprp f: identical
SuDyamAna pprp m: identical
SuDyamAna pprp n: identical
SuByamAna pprp f: identical
SuByamAna pprp m: identical
SuByamAna pprp n: identical
SumByamAna pprp f: identical
SumByamAna pprp m: identical
SumByamAna pprp n: identical
SuzyamARa pprp f: identical
SuzyamARa pprp m: identical
SuzyamARa pprp n: identical
SUyamAna pprp f: identical
SUyamAna pprp m: identical
SUyamAna pprp n: identical
ScutyamAna pprp f: identical
ScutyamAna pprp m: identical
ScutyamAna pprp n: identical
SramyamARa pprp f: identical
SramyamARa pprp m: identical
SramyamARa pprp n: identical
SrIyamARa pprp f: identical
SrIyamARa pprp m: identical
SrIyamARa pprp n: identical
SrUyamARa pprp f: identical
SrUyamARa pprp m: identical
SrUyamARa pprp n: identical
SlAGyamAna pprp f: identical
SlAGyamAna pprp m: identical
SlAGyamAna pprp n: identical
SlizyamARa pprp f: identical
SlizyamARa pprp m: identical
SlizyamARa pprp n: identical
SvasyamAna pprp f: identical
SvasyamAna pprp m: identical
SvasyamAna pprp n: identical
SvityamAna pprp f: identical
SvityamAna pprp m: identical
SvityamAna pprp n: identical
zWIvyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
zWIvyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
zWIvyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
sacyamAna pprp f: identical
sacyamAna pprp m: identical
sacyamAna pprp n: identical
sajyamAna pprp f: identical
sajyamAna pprp m: identical
sajyamAna pprp n: identical
sadyamAna pprp f: identical
sadyamAna pprp m: identical
sadyamAna pprp n: identical
sanyamAna pprp f: identical
sanyamAna pprp m: identical
sanyamAna pprp n: identical
sapyamAna pprp f: identical
sapyamAna pprp m: identical
sapyamAna pprp n: identical
sahyamAna pprp f: identical
sahyamAna pprp m: identical
sahyamAna pprp n: identical
sicyamAna pprp f: identical
sicyamAna pprp m: identical
sicyamAna pprp n: identical
siDyamAna pprp f: identical
siDyamAna pprp m: identical
siDyamAna pprp n: identical
sIyamAna pprp f: identical
sIyamAna pprp m: identical
sIyamAna pprp n: identical
supyamAna pprp f: identical
supyamAna pprp m: identical
supyamAna pprp n: identical
suryamARa pprp f: identical
suryamARa pprp m: identical
suryamARa pprp n: identical
sUcyamAna pprp f: identical
sUcyamAna pprp m: identical
sUcyamAna pprp n: identical
sUdyamAna pprp f: identical
sUdyamAna pprp m: identical
sUdyamAna pprp n: identical
sUyamAna pprp f: identical
sUyamAna pprp m: identical
sUyamAna pprp n: identical
sfjyamAna pprp f: identical
sfjyamAna pprp m: identical
sfjyamAna pprp n: identical
sfpyamARa pprp f: identical
sfpyamARa pprp m: identical
sfpyamARa pprp n: identical
sevyamAna pprp f: identical
sevyamAna pprp m: identical
sevyamAna pprp n: identical
skandyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
skandyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
skandyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
skamByamAna pprp f: identical
skamByamAna pprp m: identical
skamByamAna pprp n: identical
sKalyamAna pprp f: identical
sKalyamAna pprp m: identical
sKalyamAna pprp n: identical
stanyamAna pprp f: identical
stanyamAna pprp m: identical
stanyamAna pprp n: identical
staByamAna pprp f: identical
staByamAna pprp m: identical
staByamAna pprp n: identical
stIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
stIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
stIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
stIryamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
stIryamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
stIryamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
stuByamAna pprp f: identical
stuByamAna pprp m: identical
stuByamAna pprp n: identical
stUyamAna pprp f: identical
stUyamAna pprp m: identical
stUyamAna pprp n: identical
sTIyamAna pprp f: identical
sTIyamAna pprp m: identical
sTIyamAna pprp n: identical
snihyamAna pprp f: identical
snihyamAna pprp m: identical
snihyamAna pprp n: identical
snIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
snIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
snIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
snuhyamAna pprp f: identical
snuhyamAna pprp m: identical
snuhyamAna pprp n: identical
snUyamAna pprp f: identical
snUyamAna pprp m: identical
snUyamAna pprp n: identical
spandyamAna pprp f: identical
spandyamAna pprp m: identical
spandyamAna pprp n: identical
sparDyamAna pprp f: identical
sparDyamAna pprp m: identical
sparDyamAna pprp n: identical
sparhyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
sparhyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
sparhyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
spfSyamAna pprp f: identical
spfSyamAna pprp m: identical
spfSyamAna pprp n: identical
sPalyamAna pprp f: identical
sPalyamAna pprp m: identical
sPalyamAna pprp n: identical
sPIyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
sPIyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
sPIyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
sPuwyamAna pprp f: identical
sPuwyamAna pprp m: identical
sPuwyamAna pprp n: identical
sPuryamARa pprp f: identical
sPuryamARa pprp m: identical
sPuryamARa pprp n: identical
smaryamARa pprp f: identical
smaryamARa pprp m: identical
smaryamARa pprp n: identical
smIyamAna pprp f: identical
smIyamAna pprp m: identical
smIyamAna pprp n: identical
syandyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
syandyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
syandyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
sraMsyamAna pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
sraMsyamAna pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
sraMsyamAna pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
sriyamARa pprp f: identical
sriyamARa pprp m: identical
sriyamARa pprp n: identical
sruyamARa pprp f: pysan NOT FOUND
sruyamARa pprp m: pysan NOT FOUND
sruyamARa pprp n: pysan NOT FOUND
svajyamAna pprp f: identical
svajyamAna pprp m: identical
svajyamAna pprp n: identical
svadyamAna pprp f: identical
svadyamAna pprp m: identical
svadyamAna pprp n: identical
svanyamAna pprp f: identical
svanyamAna pprp m: identical
svanyamAna pprp n: identical
svaryamARa pprp f: identical
svaryamARa pprp m: identical
svaryamARa pprp n: identical
svidyamAna pprp f: identical
svidyamAna pprp m: identical
svidyamAna pprp n: identical
haWyamAna pprp f: identical
haWyamAna pprp m: identical
haWyamAna pprp n: identical
hadyamAna pprp f: identical
hadyamAna pprp m: identical
hadyamAna pprp n: identical
hanyamAna pprp f: identical
hanyamAna pprp m: identical
hanyamAna pprp n: identical
hasyamAna pprp f: identical
hasyamAna pprp m: identical
hasyamAna pprp n: identical
hAyamAna pprp f: identical
hAyamAna pprp m: identical
hAyamAna pprp n: identical
hiMsyamAna pprp f: identical
hiMsyamAna pprp m: identical
hiMsyamAna pprp n: identical
hikkyamAna pprp f: identical
hikkyamAna pprp m: identical
hikkyamAna pprp n: identical
hIyamAna pprp f: identical
hIyamAna pprp m: identical
hIyamAna pprp n: identical
huRqyamAna pprp f: identical
huRqyamAna pprp m: identical
huRqyamAna pprp n: identical
hUyamAna pprp f: identical
hUyamAna pprp m: identical
hUyamAna pprp n: identical
hfzyamARa pprp f: identical
hfzyamARa pprp m: identical
hfzyamARa pprp n: identical
hnUyamAna pprp f: identical
hnUyamAna pprp m: identical
hnUyamAna pprp n: identical
hrasyamAna pprp f: identical
hrasyamAna pprp m: identical
hrasyamAna pprp n: identical
hrAdyamAna pprp f: identical
hrAdyamAna pprp m: identical
hrAdyamAna pprp n: identical
hriyamARa pprp f: identical
hriyamARa pprp m: identical
hriyamARa pprp n: identical
hlAdyamAna pprp f: identical
hlAdyamAna pprp m: identical
hlAdyamAna pprp n: identical
hvaryamARa pprp f: identical
hvaryamARa pprp m: identical
hvaryamARa pprp n: identical
hvalyamAna pprp f: identical
hvalyamAna pprp m: identical
hvalyamAna pprp n: identical
