aYc:aYcayitum:inf of ca
aYj:aYjayitum:inf of ca
an:aninizitum:inf of des
f:aririzitum:inf of des
fc:arcayitum:inf of ca
fc:arcicizitum:inf of des
fj:arjayitum:inf of ca
fD:arDayitum:inf of ca
f:arpayitum:inf of ca
arh:arhayitum:inf of ca
ad:Adayitum:inf of ca
an:Anayitum:inf of ca
Ap:Apayitum:inf of ca
am:Amayitum:inf of ca
av:Avayitum:inf of ca
aS:ASayitum:inf of ca
As:Asayitum:inf of ca
as:Asayitum:inf of ca
iNg:iNgayitum:inf of ca
il:ilayitum:inf of ca
iz:izayitum:inf of ca
iz:izayitum:inf of ca
INK:INKayitum:inf of ca
Ap:Ipsitum:inf of des
Ir:Irayitum:inf of ca
utkaRW:utkaRWayitum:inf of ca
Urj:Urjayitum:inf of ca
ej:ejayitum:inf of ca
eD:eDayitum:inf of ca
il:elayitum:inf of ca
kamp:kampayitum:inf of ca
kfS:karSayitum:inf of ca
kfz:karzayitum:inf of ca
kxp:kalpayitum:inf of ca
kam:kAmayitum:inf of ca
kf:kArayitum:inf of ca
kal:kAlayitum:inf of ca
kAS:kASayitum:inf of ca
kaz:kAzayitum:inf of ca
kas:kAsayitum:inf of ca
kuc:kuYcayitum:inf of ca
kuRq:kuRqayitum:inf of ca
kfp:kfpayitum:inf of ca
kram:kramayitum:inf of ca
krI:krApayitum:inf of ca
kram:krAmayitum:inf of ca
krIq:krIqayitum:inf of ca
kruD:kroDayitum:inf of ca
klam:klAmayitum:inf of ca
klid:kledayitum:inf of ca
kliS:kleSayitum:inf of ca
kvaT:kvATayitum:inf of ca
kzI:kzapayitum:inf of ca
kzam:kzamayitum:inf of ca
kzam:kzAmayitum:inf of ca
kzal:kzAlayitum:inf of ca
kzip:kzepayitum:inf of ca
kzuB:kzoBayitum:inf of ca
kzviq:kzveqayitum:inf of ca
KaRq:KaRqayitum:inf of ca
Kan:KAnayitum:inf of ca
Kid:Kedayitum:inf of ca
Kel:Kelayitum:inf of ca
KyA:KyApayitum:inf of ca
gad:gadayitum:inf of ca
gam:gamayitum:inf of ca
gfD:garDayitum:inf of ca
gF:gArayitum:inf of ca
gal:gAlayitum:inf of ca
gF:gAlayitum:inf of ca
gF:girayitum:inf of ca
guRW:guRWayitum:inf of ca
guh:gUhayitum:inf of ca
grah:grAhayitum:inf of ca
glE:glapayitum:inf of ca
Gaw:Gawayitum:inf of ca
Gaw:GAwayitum:inf of ca
han:GAtayitum:inf of ca
Guz:Gozayitum:inf of ca
ci:capayitum:inf of ca
ci:cayayitum:inf of ca
cat:cAtayitum:inf of ca
ci:cApayitum:inf of ca
ci:cAyayitum:inf of ca
car:cArayitum:inf of ca
cal:cAlayitum:inf of ca
cit:cikitsitum:inf of des
kf:cikIrzitum:inf of des
ci:cikIzitum:inf of des
krI:cikrIzitum:inf of des
ci:cicIzitum:inf of des
kzu:cukzUzitum:inf of des
cit:cetayitum:inf of ca
cezw:cezwayitum:inf of ca
cud:codayitum:inf of ca
kup:copayitum:inf of ca
Cand:Candayitum:inf of ca
Cad:CAdayitum:inf of ca
Cur:Curayitum:inf of ca
Cid:Cedayitum:inf of ca
jan:janayitum:inf of ca
jF:jarayitum:inf of ca
jAgf:jAgarayitum:inf of ca
jap:jApayitum:inf of ca
ji:jApayitum:inf of ca
jas:jAsayitum:inf of ca
gad:jigadizitum:inf of des
gam:jigamizitum:inf of des
gF:jigarizitum:inf of des
ji:jigIzitum:inf of des
han:jiGAMsitum:inf of des
grah:jiGfkzitum:inf of des
Gas:jiGhatsitum:inf of des
jIv:jijIvizitum:inf of des
jYA:jijYAsitum:inf of des
hA:jihAsitum:inf of des
hf:jihIrzitum:inf of des
gup:jugupsitum:inf of des
hu:juhUzitum:inf of des
juz:jozayitum:inf of ca
jYA:jYapayitum:inf of ca
jYA:jYApayitum:inf of ca
jYA:jYAptum:inf of ca
jyut:jyotayitum:inf of ca
jval:jvalayitum:inf of ca
tarj:tarjayitum:inf of ca
tfp:tarpayitum:inf of ca
taq:tAqayitum:inf of ca
tap:tApayitum:inf of ca
tF:tArayitum:inf of ca
tij:titikzitum:inf of des
tF:titIrzitum:inf of des
stu:tuzwUzitum:inf of des
tij:tejayitum:inf of ca
tuz:tozayitum:inf of ca
tyaj:tyAjayitum:inf of ca
trap:trapayitum:inf of ca
tras:trAsayitum:inf of ca
truw:trowayitum:inf of ca
tvar:tvarayitum:inf of ca
dam:damayitum:inf of ca
dfp:darpayitum:inf of ca
dfB:darBayitum:inf of ca
dfS:darSayitum:inf of ca
dA:dApayitum:inf of ca
dF:dArayitum:inf of ca
du:dAvayitum:inf of ca
dAS:dASayitum:inf of ca
das:dAsayitum:inf of ca
dah:dAhayitum:inf of ca
dA:ditsitum:inf of des
diS:didikzitum:inf of des
dfS:didfkzitum:inf of des
DA:diDizitum:inf of des
DyA:diDyAsitum:inf of des
dIkz:dIkzayitum:inf of ca
dIp:dIpayitum:inf of ca
du:dudUzitum:inf of des
dru:dudrUzitum:inf of des
duh:duDukzitum:inf of des
duz:dUzayitum:inf of ca
dev:devayitum:inf of ca
dIv:devayitum:inf of ca
diS:deSayitum:inf of ca
dih:dehayitum:inf of ca
duh:dohayitum:inf of ca
dyut:dyotayitum:inf of ca
drA:drApayitum:inf of ca
druh:drArayitum:inf of ca
dru:drAvayitum:inf of ca
Dfz:Darzayitum:inf of ca
DA:DApayitum:inf of ca
Df:DArayitum:inf of ca
Df:DAritum:inf of ca
DA:Ditsitum:inf of des
Dukz:Dukzayitum:inf of ca
DvaMs:DvaMsayitum:inf of ca
Dvan:Dvanayitum:inf of ca
Dvf:DvArayitum:inf of ca
nad:nadayitum:inf of ca
nand:nandayitum:inf of ca
nft:nartayitum:inf of ca
naw:nAwayitum:inf of ca
nad:nAdayitum:inf of ca
nam:nAmayitum:inf of ca
nI:nAyayitum:inf of ca
naS:nASayitum:inf of ca
nad:ninadizitum:inf of des
nft:ninartizitum:inf of des
nI:ninIzitum:inf of des
nft:ninftsitum:inf of des
nud:nunutsitum:inf of des
nij:nejayitum:inf of ca
nij:nenikzitum:inf of des
nud:nodayitum:inf of ca
paR:paRayitum:inf of ca
pac:pAcayitum:inf of ca
paw:pAwayitum:inf of ca
paW:pAWayitum:inf of ca
pat:pAtayitum:inf of ca
paT:pATayitum:inf of ca
pad:pAdayitum:inf of ca
pA:pAyayitum:inf of ca
pf:pArayitum:inf of ca
pF:pArayitum:inf of ca
pA:pAlayitum:inf of ca
pU:pAvayitum:inf of ca
pac:pipakzitum:inf of des
paW:pipaWizitum:inf of des
pat:pipatizitum:inf of des
pA:pipAsitum:inf of des
pA:pipAsitum:inf of des
prI:piprIzitum:inf of des
pF:pupUrzitum:inf of des
pF:pUrayitum:inf of ca
puT:poTayitum:inf of ca
puz:pozayitum:inf of ca
praS:pracCayitum:inf of ca
praT:praTayitum:inf of ca
pru:prAvayitum:inf of ca
prI:prIRayitum:inf of ca
plu:plAvayitum:inf of ca
baMh:baMhayitum:inf of ca
banD:banDayitum:inf of ca
bAD:bADayitum:inf of ca
Bid:biBitsitum:inf of des
bAD:bIBatsitum:inf of des
Buj:buBukzitum:inf of des
buD:buButsitum:inf of des
BU:buBUzitum:inf of des
buD:buBodizitum:inf of des
buD:buBoDizitum:inf of des
bfh:bfMhayitum:inf of ca
buD:boDayitum:inf of ca
Bakz:Bakzayitum:inf of ca
BaYj:BaYjayitum:inf of ca
BI:BAyayitum:inf of ca
Bf:BArayitum:inf of ca
BU:BAvayitum:inf of ca
BU:BAvitum:inf of ca
BAs:BAsayitum:inf of ca
Baj:Bikzitum:inf of des
BI:BIzayitum:inf of ca
Buj:BuYjApayitum:inf of ca
BUz:BUzayitum:inf of ca
Bid:Bedayitum:inf of ca
Buj:Bojayitum:inf of ca
BraMS:BraMSayitum:inf of ca
BrAj:BrAjayitum:inf of ca
Bram:BrAmayitum:inf of ca
maMh:maMhayitum:inf of ca
majj:majjayitum:inf of ca
maRq:maRqayitum:inf of ca
mad:madayitum:inf of ca
mand:mandayitum:inf of ca
mfd:mardayitum:inf of ca
mfS:marSayitum:inf of ca
mfz:marzayitum:inf of ca
mah:mahayitum:inf of ca
mad:mAdayitum:inf of ca
man:mAnayitum:inf of ca
mA:mApayitum:inf of ca
mf:mArayitum:inf of ca
mfj:mArjayitum:inf of ca
man:mImAMsitum:inf of des
mIl:mIlayitum:inf of ca
muc:mumukzitum:inf of des
mf:mumUrzitum:inf of des
mUrC:mUrCayitum:inf of ca
mid:medayitum:inf of ca
mil:melApayitum:inf of ca
muc:mocayitum:inf of ca
muc:mocitum:inf of ca
mud:modayitum:inf of ca
muh:mohayitum:inf of ca
mreq:mreqayitum:inf of ca
yam:yamayitum:inf of ca
yaj:yAjayitum:inf of ca
yat:yAtayitum:inf of ca
yA:yApayitum:inf of ca
yu:yAvayitum:inf of ca
yaj:yiyakzitum:inf of des
yat:yiyatizitum:inf of des
yA:yiyAsitum:inf of des
yuj:yuyukzitum:inf of des
yuD:yuyutsitum:inf of des
yuj:yojayitum:inf of ca
rakz:rakzayitum:inf of ca
raYj:raYjayitum:inf of ca
raR:raRayitum:inf of ca
raD:ranDayitum:inf of ca
ram:ramayitum:inf of ca
rAj:rAjayitum:inf of ca
rAD:rADayitum:inf of ca
ram:rAmayitum:inf of ca
raB:ripsitum:inf of des
ram:riraMsitum:inf of des
rakz:rirakzizitum:inf of des
rAD:rirADayizitum:inf of des
ruh:rurukzitum:inf of des
ric:recayitum:inf of ca
riz:rezayitum:inf of ca
ruc:rocayitum:inf of ca
rud:rodayitum:inf of ca
ruD:roDayitum:inf of ca
ruh:ropayitum:inf of ca
ruz:rozayitum:inf of ca
ruh:rohayitum:inf of ca
laNG:laNGayitum:inf of ca
lajj:lajjayitum:inf of ca
laB:lamBayitum:inf of ca
lap:lApayitum:inf of ca
lal:lAlayitum:inf of ca
laz:lAzayitum:inf of ca
las:lAsayitum:inf of ca
laB:lipsitum:inf of des
laz:lilazizitum:inf of des
luRW:luRWayitum:inf of ca
liK:leKayitum:inf of ca
lip:lepayitum:inf of ca
luW:loWayitum:inf of ca
luRW:loWayitum:inf of ca
luB:loBayitum:inf of ca
vakz:vakzayitum:inf of ca
vaYc:vaYcayitum:inf of ca
vf:varayitum:inf of ca
vfj:varjayitum:inf of ca
vft:vartayitum:inf of ca
vfD:varDayitum:inf of ca
vfz:varzayitum:inf of ca
val:valayitum:inf of ca
vac:vAcayitum:inf of ca
vad:vAdayitum:inf of ca
vA:vApayitum:inf of ca
vap:vApayitum:inf of ca
vf:vArayitum:inf of ca
vas:vAsayitum:inf of ca
vas:vAsayitum:inf of ca
vah:vAhayitum:inf of ca
vac:vivakzitum:inf of des
vas:vivatsitum:inf of des
vic:vivikzitum:inf of des
viS:vivikzitum:inf of des
vid:vivitsitum:inf of des
vid:vividizitum:inf of des
vic:vecayitum:inf of ca
vij:vejayitum:inf of ca
vid:vedayitum:inf of ca
vip:vepayitum:inf of ca
viS:veSayitum:inf of ca
viz:vezayitum:inf of ca
vezw:vezwayitum:inf of ca
vyaT:vyaTayitum:inf of ca
vyaD:vyADayitum:inf of ca
vraSc:vraScayitum:inf of ca
SaMs:SaMsayitum:inf of ca
Sam:Samayitum:inf of ca
Sad:SAtayitum:inf of ca
Sad:SAdayitum:inf of ca
Sap:SApayitum:inf of ca
Sam:SAmayitum:inf of ca
SI:SAyayitum:inf of ca
Sikz:Sikzayitum:inf of ca
Sak:Sikzitum:inf of des
SI:SiSayizitum:inf of des
SIl:SIlayitum:inf of ca
Sru:SuSrUzitum:inf of des
Siz:Sezayitum:inf of ca
Siz:Sezitum:inf of ca
Suc:Socayitum:inf of ca
SuD:SoDayitum:inf of ca
SuB:SoBayitum:inf of ca
Suz:Sozayitum:inf of ca
Scut:Scotayitum:inf of ca
Sram:SrAmayitum:inf of ca
Sru:SrAvayitum:inf of ca
Sliz:Slezayitum:inf of ca
Svas:SvAsayitum:inf of ca
saYj:sajjayitum:inf of ca
sfj:sarjayitum:inf of ca
sfp:sarpayitum:inf of ca
sad:sAdayitum:inf of ca
svad:sAdayitum:inf of ca
siD:sADayitum:inf of ca
san:sAnayitum:inf of ca
sap:sApayitum:inf of ca
sf:sArayitum:inf of ca
sah:sAhayitum:inf of ca
san:sisAnayizitum:inf of des
sfj:sisfkzitum:inf of des
sev:sisevizitum:inf of des
smi:sismayizitum:inf of des
sIv:sIvayitum:inf of ca
sIv:susyUzitum:inf of des
sic:secayitum:inf of ca
sIv:sevayitum:inf of ca
skand:skandayitum:inf of ca
sKal:sKalayitum:inf of ca
sKal:sKAlayitum:inf of ca
stamB:stamBayitum:inf of ca
stu:stAvayitum:inf of ca
sTA:sTApayitum:inf of ca
snu:snAvayitum:inf of ca
snih:snehayitum:inf of ca
spand:spandayitum:inf of ca
spaS:spASayitum:inf of ca
sPuw:sPowayitum:inf of ca
sPur:sPorayitum:inf of ca
smi:smAyayitum:inf of ca
smf:smArayitum:inf of ca
syand:syandayitum:inf of ca
sru:srAvayitum:inf of ca
svaYj:svaYjayitum:inf of ca
svan:svanayitum:inf of ca
svad:svAdayitum:inf of ca
svid:svedayitum:inf of ca
hfz:harzayitum:inf of ca
hA:hApayitum:inf of ca
hf:hArayitum:inf of ca
has:hAsayitum:inf of ca
hrAd:hrAdayitum:inf of ca
hras:hrAsayitum:inf of ca
hrI:hrepayitum:inf of ca
hlAd:hlAdayitum:inf of ca
hU:hvAyayitum:inf of ca
hvf:hvArayitum:inf of ca
733 stems found in ../huet/SL_final.xml
341 causal forms skipped
85 desiderative forms skipped
