
The purpose is to compare Huet's inflected forms with those generated by
elispsanskrit/pysanskrit.

## interpret Huet's verb inflected forms, benedictive tense

```
python verbs_tp.py ../huet/SL_roots.xml ben >verbs-tp-log.txt
```
output files are huet_stems_ben.txt and huet_conj_tables_ben.txt

From Huet's SL_roots.xml file, we derive all roots for
which there is a form with the benedictive tense paradigm. (tp = tense paradigm)

huet_stems_ben.txt has all the stems that so occur, along with a list of
the padas which occur.



Programming note2: We made a couple of adjustments to huet's data to 
facilitate comparisons.
* Huet uses a convention for homonym representation. For example there 
  are two homonyms for `aja`, and these are distinguished as `aja#1` and
  `aja#2`.   
* We drop the homonym distinction, leaving just `aja`.

## generate pysan_stems_ben.txt

The data source is the list of verbs for MW in dcpforms-MW-verb.txt.
This program just collects the information in this file, and changes
format to that of huet_stems_ben.txt.  Namely, it collects stems along
with all padas mentioned.

```
python pysan_stems.py ../../grammar/prod/inputs/dcpforms-MW-verb.txt ben
```
Output file is pysan_stems_ben.txt

## compare huet and pysan ben_stem data
```
python compare_stems.py ben
```
The output is compare_stems_ben.txt, which provides some analysis of the
similarities and differences between huet_stems_ben.txt and
pysan_stems_ben.txt

## Generate pysan conjugations

```
python pysan_tp.py ben ../../grammar/prod/outputs/MW-verb-fut.txt

```
We read the huet conjugation tables, and for each one use the header
information to match a benedictive tense conjugation precomputed by pysan in 
the MW-verb-fut.txt file.  As currently written, certain details of
 the pysan computation of benedictive tense conjugations depends on the underlying
present tense conjugation class of the roots. Since this class is unavailable
in the benedictive tense conjugation information from Huet, pysan cannot thus
compute a benedictive tense solely on the basis of the huet_conj_tables_ben.txt file. That's why we're using MW-verb-fut file.

##  compare conjugation tables
```
python compare_conj_tables.py ben 
```

output is compare_conj_tables_ben.txt

## first summary

See [issue#11](https://github.com/funderburkjim/elispsanskrit/issues/11) for some discussion of the comparison.


